three two one boom check out this new
Richard Pryor plasti cell come on live
on the Sunset Strip iconic that was a
really the first thing that I ever saw
that maybe truly understand the power of
stand-up comedy I was 13 years old I
think maybe 14 my parents went took me
to see it and we were in the audience I
remember thinking how is this guy so
funny just talking how is this possible
I was thinking all the movies that I had
seen and we're really funny like I
remember was outback that maybe stripes
like which was a great movie that I
loved so funny so funny but this guy was
way funnier and all she was dealing was
talking and I couldn't believe it I
remember there was a moment in the movie
where he was killing and I just turned
and looked at the people in the audience
and people were just flailing up and
down ah they were just the whole body
was laughing everything was they were
throwing their bodies around I was like
this is incredible I've never seen
anything like this super powerful dude
it hit me hard it wasn't like I wanted
to be a comic right then in there they
really didn't want to be a comic for
another eight years but fuck that was
crazy
yeah we were those things on back in the
day my movies go to the movie theater oh
you saw that in a movie theater yeah
whoa yeah that's why there's so many
people around Wow yeah it was think I
just went to people's houses and there's
a lot of me I thought maybe it was on
HBO or something like that thought you
were talking about the audience in that
crowd like 1981 this this movie must
have come out in 80 or 81 if I'm
guessing correctly I think we might have
looked this up before have we
yeah is it 81 I think I was 14 um might
have been 82 recorded was recorded
during 81 and 82 so Oh March 24th nice
need to okay there you go
so beginning of 82 so I was probably 15
then fuck man I just I'll never forget
never forget be in that audience being a
young kid just looking around and all
these people laughing so hard
that's so who took you to that my
parents Wow
this how good this wheat is we just
talked about it took me we just talked
about as a theatre you like where did
you see this HBO I know
Attila T's become like a crazy old man
where did you see it H now with the
fucking theater I told you that people
in the theater I was looking around my
parent my parents took me that's so cool
that they would do that yeah they're
cool people they're hippies I believe
that's the special where he talks about
a guy named Tony from Youngstown Ohio
maybe it was either that or live yeah
was that the one where they were
threatening them I can't remember that
because gangster one yeah those guys
yeah I think that was live in the Sunset
Strip yeah you know the story about it
is the story about that is that Pryor
was there earlier in the week and he
didn't have good sets like that the one
that he filmed he just caught magic you
know that but but that earlier in the
week you know that guy's life was chaos
mm-hmm just chaos
and who could he relate to he couldn't
even call a friend that was like you
know enemy can all Kevin Hart back then
and be like hey I feel about this right
right it's all you called Dave Chappelle
or Eddie Murphy knows just well he did
have a conversation with Eddie Murphy
when Eddie Murphy got in trouble with
Richard Pryor with Bill Cosby rather
it's a famous story because Bill Cosby
was telling Eddie Murphy he was too
dirty he was telling him to clean it up
while he was raping people oh my god
Jesus Christ
why not drugging women and then give an
hour comedy advice ah tell him you're
too dirty yeah telling dr. Doolittle the
watches now well he became dr. Doolittle
back then he was Eddie Murphy raw yeah
this is actually before raw and he put
it in raw he said am L causation yeah it
was um one of the one of the opening one
of the bits in bra was Richard Pryor
calling them up do the people laugh do
you get paid well tell bill to have a
cooker to smile and shut the fuck up
that's what he said like he's do he did
a Bill Cosby impression and by the way
people forget how good Eddie Murphy's
impressions are they're fucking insanely
good and his Cosby was amazing so he's
doing this Cosby it personally does a
prior impression man is he still coming
back is that fellow supposedly you know
but you'd only cross our fingers be
great for everybody
yeah great forever but I hope he blows
the fuck up I hope he fills Madison
Square Garden murders and they do a
giant Netflix special there and it's
just ten times better than raw he could
do it guys still healthy still smart as
a whip you know still looks fucking
great we went over it on the podcast of
the day guy is 58 years old looks like
he's 35 he looks amazing so healthy you
think he would still like push it to the
limit or do you think he would just have
like smart bits about common things like
life or whatever he would push it to the
limit of who he is today you know he's
not this 20 year old kid anymore like he
was in delirious you know delirious he
was really young I want to say he was
like 22 or something
how old was he in when he filmed Eddie
Murphy delirious we were in high school
okay so I was probably 17 or 18 I might
have just graduated high school I think
was 85 or 86 he was 22 Doody crazy oh my
gosh wanted yourself 22 years old and by
this is first you know you know the one
right afterwards I mean raw wasn't that
long afterwards yeah 20 so his
perspectives were uh you know young wild
22 year old dude in the 80s who's like
super duper crazy famous yeah you know
when you say what do you push it now
yeah he'd push it now but he'd push it
now is 58 year old Eddie Murphy just
calling bullshit on things what's
nonsense what's stupid and what is and
the impressions and I hope he has 20
minutes on Bill Cosby you know when I
was 22
because it just just has a fucking epic
bit you know SNL next week Oh any
birthday yeah oh wow so he'll do a
little bit stand up there yeah 100% is
gonna do a monologue right yeah
god dammit but that's gonna be excellent
oh yeah the guy in wasn't he the guy
that David Spade made the falling star
joke about no what was the falling star
joke on me maybe welcome back on SNL
days David Spade had that like that
Hollywood minute segment and and he made
a controversial joke about Eddie because
I guess Eddie had just left us an L or
something like that
and he goes hey everybody look a falling
star I think it was Eddie Merckx Oh
Eddie left us a no way before that way
before David Spade's career way before -
when I was hanging out with Phil Hartman
that was in the 80s but his about Eddie
Murphy about that this David Spade joke
that kept any Murphy off SNL for two
decades
huh so maybe it was because of his
movies it was definitely quite a bit
after he had left the show cuz he was he
had left the show like when delirious
was out he said in an interview in 2011
that they said some shitty things to him
a couple times after he left right but
it was quite a bit after he left it
wasn't like he just left and then David
Spade came on board I don't think that
was the timing I think David Spade was
on way later by the way look at that
little boy but you happen to be David
Spade vigor that Greta Thornburg girl
the climate girl who yelled at everybody
she's Person of the Year in Time
magazine let's go Oh is everybody losing
their fucking mind I think so
she's um wasn't she on a strike look
obviously climate change is a real thing
climate change is a real important thing
just get that other way for any was it
I'm saying is what is she 14 15 16
no no by complaining on television it
doesn't make you the most important
person of the year or the most impactful
person here
just got lucky that right around the
time where they were making this list
you did that thing they're like let's
pick Greta
let's pick Greta with a little trick her
trunk Oh trumple get triggered you know
and apparently Donald Trump jr. did get
triggered and tweeted about it but yeah
but this is a fucking if this was four
months from now you would completely
forget her there'd be some new thing see
she she caught this wave I mean did she
have a good little speech there yes it
was a it made an impact you know how
many trees had to get cut down to make
all those time magazines that there are
a lot a lot of trees how to die for that
time magazine by the way that all could
be avoided with hemp
far superior paper way easier and that's
what got the whole marijuana
legalization process started in the
first place was William Randolph Hearst
and his fucking newspaper company he
didn't want to convert over to hemp
paper it's literally what started it
these fucks Oh
Greta yeah Greta with her horrible tree
paper she should be ashamed of herself
that she let Time magazine chop down on
all those trees yeah just to give her
something to frame on her wall mm-hmm
right I mean come on Person of the Year
it's probably gonna drive her around I'm
just gonna be fuckin polluting the air
gonna drive around fly around how much
extra carbon would be a mid into our
atmosphere because she won Woman of the
Year or person the air kid of the year
yeah this human of the year what is it
Person of the Year it's so non
gender-specific how many women have won
it let's guess how many women have won
time magazine person here do you know
Trump as a fake person of the year
framed in his in his house I think I
think I've seen that yeah we were
watching a we're of course we were
watching home alone two the other day
the one where he's lost in New York and
there's this scene where have you seen
this where he's walking through the
hotel he's you know he gets this fancy
of Delhi as his dad's credit card and
he's like lost in the hotel for a second
he's like hey excuse me sir do you know
where this is and it's Trump hits the
pans up and it's just Trump way back
it's so funny and Trump turns around all
creepy looks at his butt
oh I don't think that's now I know he's
looking at him like it's a little boy
right everybody through this movie it's
a really funny movie home alone to is
like really well-written I was my mind
was blown watching the whole thing such
a great Christmas movie and there's so
many great actors and it's an insane
lineup Rob Schneider is actually
hilarious in this one those are classic
yeah he's mad we're kids those were huge
they put it together so well like I'm
looking at it now I guess it's the
writer in me or the LA guy like I'm
looking at movies differently now and
I'm like this is so beautiful how they
made this coincidence happen because you
do anything else first of all they look
like horrible parents no movie too
terrible they cannot fucking play with
other son but who are you
right so they really had to make this
one work out and they do such a great
job with it he's the replacing batteries
a guy they're they're running of course
still this late family that can never
have their shit together and he's
chasing the guy and it makes sense cuz
he runs into the lady taking tickets you
expect when they took physical tickets
and he runs into the ladies chasing the
guy that looks like his dad and the
tickets go everywhere so it makes sense
that he doesn't have a seat and it makes
sense and they wouldn't he went to the
wrong gate following the wrong guy like
everything makes sense it's beautiful
that they can make comedies that way
back then like could rationalize a
family being in a different place than
their little child wonder if you could
do that movie today people would just
shame you never get a chance yeah just
announced today they're remaking not
remaking they're making a new I hoped I
guess it's a reboot for a Disney Plus of
home alone a whole new story whole new
characters you know what should be its
Macaulay Culkin as a 40 year old man
trying to figure out what the fuck
happened to him they put him on these
movies when he was a little baby he's a
cool guy yeah very nice guy I had him in
here in the podcast I really enjoyed
talking to very smart just a very
interesting little fella but you know it
ain't good for anybody to do that to
their kids make your kids that fucking
famous now famous Macaulay Culkin was oh
my god he was Giganta and when you're a
little boy and you're growing up gigant
I like that and then all sudden you're
this 40-year old man where he is now
really nice guy really cool really fun
to talk to recommended by Kevin Smith
Kevin Smith told me I have to have him
on you'll say - you gotta talk to the
guy he's great he really is really
interesting cat just travels around the
world does whatever the fuck he wants
has a shitload of money right from all
the home alone movies but doesn't spend
it just not going crazy he's not buying
Ferraris right he just does whatever he
wants he's nothing like his character in
the moment so he's out
well he's a grown-up he's a grown-up man
of leisure but I think out of all the
people that I've ever met that are
famous at a you know child's age he
might be the best at it because I think
it's an impossible task I really do and
I think in the only way it really works
if you can handle Fame is if you have
you you've developed character over your
life and become an adult and and we're
nothing and understand hard work and
understand the fortune that you have to
be famous or to be successful in show
business but if you grow up like that
man all your signals are all crossed
wrong all your wires are all fucked up
you grow up thinking that you're
SuperDuper important for no reason with
no work at all and that you can
literally get whatever you want don't
have people get it for you anytime you
want all the time like Justin Bieber how
how how is he not gonna be crazy how is
he not gonna be crazy tell me he I think
he's handling it incredibly the idea
that you're gonna hold him to the same
standards as this other kid who's also
24 whose dad is a football coach at the
high school and his mom is a math
teacher and they're really in tight with
their community and he grew up going to
scout camps and you know he plays
football he plays baseball and he's got
a bunch of friends he grew up with and
they're all normal and he's had a
girlfriend for the past two years but he
doesn't know if he should make it
serious when he goes to college and come
on come on man yeah he's a whole
different kind of person man a kid who
went to a normal high school and went to
a normal college and then became 22
versus poor fucking him
right pulled out of school so you don't
have real like knowledge of history can
probably barely read Justin Bieber's
what 23 or something probably worth
hundreds of millions of dollars and
probably had girls just launched
themselves at him from the time that he
was a little boy in a way that no one
who's not Justin Bieber's ever gonna
understand and yet we're like look at
this guy
such a loser yeah get your shit together
loser instead of looking at it like a
child abuse case right it's almost like
child abuse I mean the best kind of
abuse ever like pull cry me a river you
got a couple hundred million dollars out
of a bio therapist bro yeah
but but I don't know if a therapist
would work the thing about something
like that is that's the kind of
development like a psychologist someone
barely went to school but the kind of
developmental damage that happens when
you don't have to go through all the
normal stuff that everyone else did like
here's the thing about like one thing
that UFC fighters and comics a lot of us
have in common is that we had shit lives
growing up you were probably bullied you
felt insecure I got into martial arts a
hundred percent so I was scared people
can beat me up
hundred percent wasn't a big kid and I
didn't know a lot of keep people in the
high school where I went to I just moved
there and I was a fuck I am I'm so
scared all the time I got to do
something and I went to an easy high
school like Newton South was an easy
high school don't they bust these
inner-city kids though that would fuck
you up that there was some tough people
there but the point is that like if you
don't have a motivation to work hard
whether it's to become a stand-up
whether it's to become a martial artist
or what anything that you like you like
I got to get out of here I got to do
something different I got to make
something happen you got to go through
shit for that feeling to sort of emerge
with enough horsepower to get you some
momentum it's I can't imagine who I
would be if I was famous when I was six
be such a mess that's I mean the drugs
they have this they have this they just
can't get they can't pump the serotonin
out of their brain fast enough yeah
so they a lot of you know that's why so
many of these people chase these dragons
well they also get really depressed when
they don't have continual constant
success like a lot of kids that
experience like an early peak and you
know everybody loves them and they're
super used to it and everybody's kissing
their ass and then it drops off and
they're like what what do you mean drops
off and they get crazy because they want
to get it back how do I get my relevance
how do I get my this how do I get my
that I can yeah you see them get really
even young just young people like I was
reading do you remember
Heidi and Spencer from the hills Jamie
does Jamie's into he's got it on well
those that couple was on this reality
show and they were everything for a
while constantly in these gossip papers
everybody paying attention and then she
got a king a plastic surgery - it was
very unfortunate because it was like
public right it was like many many many
many many surgeries and she was a pretty
girl to begin with that never works out
you know you get a very damning look
maybe kind of worked out with Kylie
Jenner I'm just saying yeah right kind
of did work out would she do a little
jaw thing she did a lot of shit yeah I
don't know what she did something happen
less magic unless Pixies I mean I don't
know how much she's saying she did yeah
but it's just like everything changed
for the better I'm assuming you did
something like your nose your feet but
the problem that is like really young
girls want to do that too and some of
them some of them are hot the way they
are they just they're just super hyper
critical and everybody else at that age
is super hypocritical too so if your
nose is like a little bigger than maybe
you think it should be like you're gonna
fix it kind of fix it but when you do
something like that especially if it's
not like an egregious issue that you
really do need to deal with if you get
your nose fixed like it looks like you
got your nose fixed so every time
someone's talking to you they're like
you got you know
that's not you nose yeah what's why is
that nose not fit your face it doesn't
fit your face because there's a ratio
there's a specific ratio like the width
of your eyes apart from your eyes the
length of your head will give you an
indication of how long and how what
shape your nose should be as weird as it
seems all this shit lines up the
Fibonacci sequence I think is it the
golden ratio the Fibonacci sequence or
something other same thing the lips are
the weirdest thing right oh that's the
weirdest for sure that's well there's
another weird thing when people's
foreheads don't move okay what's going
on are you shocked just like this thing
that they do it's like there's no
movement at all I don't mind the fake
butts at all the more obnoxious the
better I'm one of those guys I don't
know what it is like I I love it never
grab one now if you felt a frisbee
inside someone's ass do you think you
would enjoy it I mean I just wouldn't
touch it that much I would just stare at
it a lot but you would know that if you
touched it you'd feel that frisbee in
there a half a frisbee to give it some
bulk dude is that what it feels like I
don't know I would imagine it's like a
wedge in there it's like a fucking nerf
football in there or something I think
it's like more like pudding or something
like like squishy listen you know what
it is it's a fucking sign that you're
too lazy to go to the gym go to the gym
it's not hard go do squats it's not hard
the problem is the girls like Kim
Kardashian have set the bar so high
what's that girl's name is E as legs
eeeh what's her name
Iggy Azalea that one that girls that
girl's butt is obnoxious
that's outrageous there was a video with
her dancing and it was like watching
someone in a wave pool it was all just
wiggling back and forth well Jamie what
do you think can we see some of that I
haven't seen this before you could see
some wiggle but those girls have set the
bar so high with big butts you know that
you like you have a regular nice ass
like it's not good enough anymore for a
lot of these girls because you see these
yeah I need to eat some wigglin who is
what is that is that her over the years
that's what her butt used to look like
in 2013 and then she got super addicted
to powerlifting but not with her arms or
upper body at all it all went into her
ass
under by 2018 she has this badonkadonk
look at that though isn't that beautiful
looks like she was experimenting with it
earlier though right
2014 just a little bit yeah just a
little bit pretty girl bigger house hmm
well look at that upper right picture
look at that see that's where it's an
issue that's what that's what you find
out what it really is not to me it's not
oh come on look it is e as well hi say
your name's eggy eggy see that's sad to
me that doesn't who can get that but you
just have to do squats and if yeah
that's so wrong looks like a human head
under you know Madonna has one of them
now oh really well Madonna damn so on
polar side I go hey look at me oh no
yeah
that's right that's Madonna yeah what
can I pull it up what whoa it looks like
she has a bunch of stuff in her pockets
might be a diaper oh yeah dude I'm
telling you people are doing this and
it's do you know you know what body
dysmorphia is right yeah that's what it
is man it's like when when a woman has
double D tits and she thinks she needs
ease
I need ease when a guy's at the gym and
he's fucking 350 pounds he thinks he
looks small people get crazy when people
are anorexic same thing its body
dysmorphia it's an issue with human
beings we don't see ourselves the way
other people see ourselves thank God
yeah it's the only thing that gets you
through it's just you know people are
fucking envelop if people are vulnerable
that's why it's so weird today that it's
so in vogue to be mean you know that uh
being mean for social justice and being
mean online it's like so common there's
probably more people being mean to
larger numbers of people like just
saying mean shit than ever in history
when you I mean I think so has to be
right I
yeah I mean there has to be because of
social media period yeah has to be maybe
using different words well they just
getting there reaching more people like
how many people have an audience of
1,200 to talk to it's very rare in the
real world yeah what 1,200 people find
out what your opinions are yeah you'd
have to go over and comment like a
shopping mall well the thing is about
two if you have 1200 Twitter followers
do you really know those 1200 people and
how many of them are BOTS
how many of them just sign up to
everybody's account you know this the
bots on Instagram are stunning and Jamie
had a really good point
he said they would never remove all of
them because if they did it would
diminish the number of total users they
have I'm like oh I didn't even think
like that yeah it's like it's what
they're not they're not paying for them
you know but right yeah it's it would
didn't fuck up the incentive bottom line
every time I put a post up it's just all
BOTS bottom and wait like four seconds
and then see how many comments and it's
just BOTS just don't look at my store if
you don't want to masturbate and all
these ice-water emojis yeah in eggplants
and Pussycats and fuck its wit this is
you know that's that's how noise thing
right the bot thing is just a noise
thing like they're just trying to get
you to click on their page oh this is a
big one they're doing now - is is my
music any good I saw that right here I
was looking at it but that's not real no
yeah it's not an artist right no but it
there's various they could be as simple
as someone's just trying to draw
attention to an account so they could
sell that account by it in some dummies
you know one out of a thousand people
click and follow that account now
there's been thousands and they can sell
it you're right right right that makes
sense um yeah but it's just there's
never been a time like this where you
got a bunch of fake people talking -
that's weird like there's a bunch of
people right now for sure that are
posting on Twitter there's probably
thousands of them right now that are
doing it because they're getting paid
to pretend to be a Republican who's
really upset about the libs or they're
being paid to pretend to be progressive
who thinks trans people should be
mandatory in every position of power and
like all that some of the wackier
positions that people take online are
most likely taken up not just from wacky
people there's got to be wacky people
for sure but there's also going to be a
certain amount of them I don't know what
the number would be where these people
are getting paid to stir up shit online
I mean this is this the Renee de Resta
thing when she was on the pot this woman
was on the podcast who studied Russia
and these Russian troll farms there's
this thing called the IRA it's the
internet research agency and they just
pay people to tweet this is one of the
things they set up it some of its kind
of funny first of all their memes are
hilarious they do a great job they make
really funny memes and one of the things
they did is they took a they took a
Texas separatism meeting they like Texas
people who like we know we should buy
our own country those folks and they
scheduled it at the exact same time
across the street from this Muslim
meeting so they're basically just trying
to get people to fight each other so
they have this Pro Islam group that's
meaning that they completely organize
they completely organize this
anti-american group they completely
organize women for Trump women for
Bernie it's like as a white woman I
can't support Jill Stein or as a black
woman how we gonna get let Hillary
Clinton run this country all Russian
people just getting paid this is what
we're doing who's paying them the
internet research agency this is this
the idea is that they can shift look if
you just stop for a moment and think
what is if you have a close election
like Trump and Hillary it's a close
election right she wins the popular vote
he wins the the electoral college but
it's close enough where it's within a
million people one way or the other if
you can get people engaged on a very
specific subject like the impeachment
hearings if you can get people engage
and get people to think god damn it
these Dems this is a coup they're trying
to take over the fucking country and you
start telling other people and they
start telling other people and then you
got this Facebook page of these folks
that put up and it's got interactions
that are going on all day long people
are arguing about it and if they're
jumping in and chiming in then the pro
Trump people try them in too and
everybody gets fired up it's it's like
that goddamn crow and the cats over that
video we played the other day 100% like
there's like things yeah think of this
stuff all day long yeah new strategies
new strategies to get people riled up
and to get people to fight with other
people so they'll have like black
lesbians for you know for socialism meat
and it's fake it's all Russian people
that are just pretending to be a black
lesbian he's really into socialism and
then you know capitalists get on that
page and fuck you get a job free market
rolls libertarians you learn where to go
and then they chime in back and forth
thing and they're getting people fired
up and the page gets all this
interaction and sometimes they change
pages like one of them was like a comedy
meme page and then it shifted over and
became like a black lives matter page
when that seemed like to be effective so
they already had a certain amount of
people on it and they used it for
something else
it's wild shit man crazy and we're doing
it to guarantee guarantee some there's
some out contracts contracted out
company that is doing that for whatever
branches of the UF government US
government if not all of them oh yeah
yeah we don't know our governments so
good we're probably the ones that make
it look like the Russians are doing in
the first we're probably hiring Russians
and they don't even know they're working
for us they think they're working for
Russia like why does Russia care but
black lives matter they do they care
sorry who played who pays the internet
research agents actly let's Trump all
along
it's like scooby-doo episode pulls the
mask it was you I got away with it too
wasn't for you meddling kids
[Music]
fucking stupid was that show you could
have like a little tiny girl like an
eight-year-old girl you pull her mask
off and she's an old man like hey what
the fuck
I saw someone break down that it was
really done that Shaggy and Scooby ran
at the same speeds because there's a dog
and a human being
oh yeah and Shaggy was a STONER he's not
in shape why but someone broke it down
which is also stoner ish and ridiculous
it's true but they're on to something I
mean imagine being high watch that hey
man how the fuck is that dude run as
fast as that dog yeah man what the fuck
what they just stand up in the middle of
living room what the fuck how is that
dude what this is bullshit
I think about that stuff a lot the one
that gets me is the Wizard of Oz in Dark
Side of the Moon hey not imagine what
that first person it had to be a regular
human they had to have just smoked pot
there's an away you didn't just smoke
pot acid like a Wizard of Oz seems like
that'd be fun put that in the VCR it had
to be a VCR because it was way back then
had to be a record player you couldn't
play a CD and go the whole way through
that's right you would have to flip it
they do they did two sides on an album
how do they know how to do it right and
does it perfectly sync it's the first
time I saw was the first time I ever did
mushrooms and it was fucking crazy so
like there are a lot of sync moments
it's so insane if you're sober and now
they have it what's crazy is that it's
such cheap mode but now you can do and I
remember doing it in high school as my
buddies we smoked pot and matched it up
and you had to start the CD on the
second MGM lion roar and now all you
have to do is type you know Wizard of Oz
Darkseid and the whole thing's matched
up on YouTube you could be watching it
on the toilet in 20 seconds and is
you're a moment in it where it doesn't
match up I mean there's of course
obviously because it's there's so much
stuff going on it's the establishing
beginning and you know started the
middle of Wizard of Oz and but I mean
there's just so much that sort of
tonally beat wise lyric wise there's a
part where
like you know in us and them I like in
which ones which and the button at that
point right then for the first time the
good witch and the bad witch are
together so many things going on
when she first cracks the door after the
tornado you know the torna you know the
great gig in the sky the one with the
ladies singing like crazy like oh that's
doing the tornado and the house is
spinning in the house lands and that
song trickles out and when she cracks
the door and you see color for the first
time the second that door cracks and
this was back then we're stoned in 14
listen to a CD player watching a VHS and
as soon as that door cracks and you see
that yellow of the brick road and the
color you hear the catching OH
the coins drop and it's money and the
little munchkins are all jumping pan-pan
pan-pan ticket a ticket to Denon and
down I can't see that it's insane you up
that scene see if you can find it we
definitely cannot play it up we can't
play it but we could listen to it right
and comment over it or know a little bit
I looked up recently they some people
thought they definitely tried to do this
because it seems so purposeful but I
read an interview with one of the guys
in the band that at the time they
recorded the album VHS didn't exist so
they would have had to have had two
reels in the studio and a projection and
like the amount of work to do that would
have been what time of the brigade
when did they record the album 74 75
yeah and to also even if they were even
if they did do that why would they do it
doesn't make any sense like they made
what is one of the biggest selling
albums of all time Dark Side of the Moon
it's the it's just a perfect album and
and why would they all we have to match
it up to Wizard of Oz like it doesn't
make any sense at all so they did that
that would be psychotic it's just a
crazy crazy coincidence why I think it's
the ultimate coincidence it's just so
many crazy things that these two epic
productions would match up at all yeah
it's very weird do you know how long
that album lasted on the Billboard
charts for how long 741 weeks and the
longest ever right
from 73 when it came out until 1988
Jesus Christ they're just selling copies
and still instills yeah one the album's
how many copies is it soul I'll check
ins yeah let's guess let's guess before
we look what do you think 35 million
like that's that sounds good
I'm good with that all time including
online those numbers become different
but yeah sure
I'd say I'm on line to get a jacket out
further 1,500 plays equals a 1 by now
it's hmm I'm gonna go high here I'm
gonna guess 400 million 300 millions use
yeah is that possible what's them what's
the album that got sold the most
the Eagles real latest hits anything so
what do we gotten certified 15 times
platinum in the US so it's 15 million
altogether if I add these up it gets
close to about 20 to 25 there's but
that's in the US four and a half in the
UK two million in France two million in
Canada and then nothing else over 250
I'll show you got close to it the
million close to me catch up Australia
Jesus Christ those numbers sound whoa
Wow
fourteen times platinum in Australia and
that's 980 thousand sales and platinum
here in America is a million there's no
one there I know but that's that's
what's platinum then like a hundred
thousand yeah he had a hundred thousand
in Australia you're doing great so we're
doing great Mike weird exchange right
gradual ations yeah there's only 20
million people in the entire country of
Australia it's a size Yugos greatest
hits December 1 what does that let's
guess that I'm gonna say 42 42 million I
mean we're going US album sales
no it's cool world we are yeah was was
that global that number you said for
Darkseid he added all the other stuff
without okay it was 15 American right
I'll go 52 on the equals Greatest Hits
42 and 52 that's 36 million certified
Wow and that's worldwide or it's just as
certified so I guess that is so much so
what is that money-wise how much do they
cost each ten bucks average that's what
back then yeah and kind of now because
it's not digitally it's like they were
the first ones to sell $100 ticket to I
heard recently whoa to sell out like
nineteen seventy seven seventy five over
like the price to go to see them was a
hundred dollars in 77 yeah it was a
hundred dollars and seventy sevens idly
like a week of work let's guess that
let's guess that how much do you think
the $100.00 in 1977 in 2019 money 100
1977 I'm gonna go six hundred and fifty
dollars I like that I like that I'm
gonna go five hundred bucks
seventy so everyone's trying to find out
when they did it first I get that
accurate thinks is around 79 they were
the first billion dollar let's just try
77 because we're trying to figure it out
just for how much is uh how much what's
the word yeah what would you say the
exchange rates on exchange rates on
another country currency rate what's the
relation inflation makes it about
according to 2016 inflation would have
been about $300 to 9605 that's it that's
that's a lot 390 605 $300 is it 296 so
far yeah yeah yeah but in comparison to
1977 I would have thought have been a
lot more yeah well but that's still a
lot they're charging 300 bucks for a
ticket you hate the Eagles or dollars
and was I can't remember where I learned
that they were the first band to they
had a deal where they would would not
only would they get the tickets and a
lot of other things but they sold they
got part of the parking spots well is
that with you where we found that out I
can't remember where I was and
somebody's like they were like no we
want all the part like all the parking
comes to us too so you know get that so
it's basically like selling a whole
nother $40 ticket for each person and
then if the place or whatever if the
arena was like no you can't do that
they're like okay well we're going to go
to the baseball stadium then they're
like okay well I think we'll go to the
foot
or we'll go to the city next you and
everybody from your city is gonna go to
that city and you won't have you know a
booming economy for the night for that
night or we could just do it in your
arena like we're asking they would just
play super hardball and since they had
all the leverage they would just fill
stadiums mmm the people would be like
okay we'll give you what you want
it's the touring business is weird like
that the ticket prices that get jacked
like Andrew Schultz was talking about
this about like the the fee I say if you
buy a ticket there's a fee yeah that's
crazy who gets that what is that what's
that fee for you do any lifting weights
you carrying something yeah if you're
gonna take my mic ticket it's if it's a
physical ticket and you have to fly it
in a fucking airplane across the country
across 35 cents I mean think about how
crazy that is like a fucking you it
costs 35 cents is that what it is for a
stamp today sure let's go crazy trades
50 cents 50 cents so we'll take a
fucking letter and bring it to Alaska
for you they'll bring it across the
country they'll put it in Hawaii they'll
bring your fucking letter to Hawaii for
50 cents I don't know if that's true is
it different when you send something to
Hawaii or slash you guys mail probably
not right they think they just fly it
they fly everything right meanwhile if
you want to buy a ticket they want like
convenience convenience yeah
so convenient you just take my money
someone's just getting money for nothing
well then there's the other thing man
that's equally weird is that people are
allowed to buy tickets and then sell
them at exorbitant rates yeah so what
they do is they'll buy tickets like you
say if you know Kanye West is performing
and the ticket says $200 on the ticket
they buy a giant chunk of these $200
tickets and they sell them for 2,000
each and you could do that and even
though he wants his tickets to be 200
bucks
now they're 2,000 and then someone makes
a shitload of money and posed to be laws
about that but
like well it's weird yeah it's weird
it's supposed to be called scalping
right it used to be illegal they used to
look for people scalping when you would
go to a concert yeah you need to get
soon it's got tears in the cop to grab
him pull him over and fucking cuff them
like they used to get you just to get
you how they do it just everywhere it's
all around it but now you can do it
I think legally I think it's legal and I
think that these companies have found a
way to do it where it's totally legal
they just buy the tickets and then offer
them for sale at a higher price but a
lot of like these guys like Live Nation
a lot of other comers they're trying
really hard to figure out a way to stop
it I don't know what you can do look
Louie CK used to have a funny thing that
he would do
he'd make everyone pay for cash you have
to if you want to buy tickets to see him
at the store yeah he would charge cash
and you had to buy them like a couple
hours before the show so a couple hours
before the show people will be waiting
in line on Sunset to go see Louie yeah
and they would he would limit him right
yeah and that would be his spending
money and so you get a giant fucking
like a shopping bag filled with cash he
could think of one of those paper bags
you get at the grocery store you filled
that bitch up with cash I don't know
what he put it in but it's like a lot of
money you know he's just doing all cash
he's a five billion dollar business in
the United States ticket or they call it
re selling now and scalping so they've
changed some laws there's loopholes and
loopholes wonder who's campaign got that
kickback huh
probably tipper gore or something do you
remember when Al Gore's wife was trying
to stop rap remember that provisory yeah
she was the one that was her tipper gore
tipper gore sounds like she'd be a great
rapper she's got a good rap name sounds
like a performed white politician yeah
TIPA you know from Boston golfer
Massachusetts recognizes the great
senator typical thank you he's fat and
corrupt he gets up there the big fucking
Gin Blossoms on his face hammered the
night before talking shit that's like an
Ed Kennedy or Ted Kennedy looking guy
yeah tipper gore doesn't tell like a
lady let's try to stop rap music I can
picture that it was like a big part of
her thing as the vice president's wife
she was trying to stop and put lyrics on
parental advisories on rap music that
was back when 2 Live Crew were getting
arrested we forget about that let's he
get arrested for bad lyrics for bad
language yeah yeah but meanwhile Richard
Pryor could get away with that talking
well was different and Richard Pryor got
away with it because Lenny Bruce went to
jail but no rappers had gone to jail the
2 Live Crew in a lot of ways we're like
the Lenny Bruce of rap they were the
ones who got punished they went to and
they got busted in Broward County
Florida
Broward is like you know the way that's
if you get if you're if you're doing up
to anything that might be like a little
slimy and you get arrested and they
bring you to get charged in Broward
County Florida
oh you're fucked I see them all the time
on a live PD Broward County when they go
to Broward County it's a great one you
guys ever see that show no unlovely I'll
show you keep talking about it you love
it oh it's so great
it makes cops look like frickin Mister
Rogers neighborhood like it's just amped
up and they they just keep it moving
it's been when we go now they make
everything seem super live even though
sometimes I'll be watching a rerun but
I'll just pretend like it's live you
know that's funny what's gonna happen
next
it's weird how many cop shows there have
been and how much we love watching like
cops like those kind of shows like where
where someone's actually getting
arrested
yeah those shows are captivating for us
nowadays they've gotten famous like you
know these counties that they do it in
so sometimes someone will get pulled
over or whatever and like they'll be all
fucked up like oh shit is this live feed
you what's up and it's always the best
that's why yeah one guy already so he
was been out twice
[Laughter]
stupid you could happen us I mean
technically it could happen to anybody
next thing you know you have a camera in
your face and I mean what are you gonna
do yeah what are you gonna do if you're
in one of those areas and you okay well
it's just the business of making react
you know air-quote reality-tv so weird
it's so weird that's the most reality
reality TV because it's not planned like
you know for sure they're not talking to
the perps and saying beforehand okay
this is what I want you to do I want you
to pretend that you're taking off then
we follow you and then you hit the
braces oh my I'm just playing just say
that yeah you would never see you know
you've never get a criminal to do that
correctly where it wouldn't look you
know right wouldn't look fake but these
guys when you know they're getting
arrested you see the glass you look in
their eye you see them confused and
stupid you see him say crazy shit you
see him get pushed against the car see
him screaming at their old lady with
their shirt off you see them these are
real people that's reality TV it might
be the only reality TV there really is
because everything else everyone's
painfully aware the cameras they're the
only thing that sucks about is the cops
bad actors like most of those cops on
those shows like well you know we're
just doing our best here to keep the
community safe like relax bro yeah stop
it though some of those guys are already
getting famous guys dating Lana Del Rey
I think sticks yeah hey good job good
for him Lana Del Rey supporting our
first responders I love it
girl can't get it done yeah he's gonna
become famous and then it's gonna be
corrupt just like everything else gonna
fall apart and they're gonna fake
arrests you know what we're talking
about Lester out from Big Foot he sent
me an email said he was working with a
television channel that not to be named
and he had a problem again with them
trying to fix shit and fake things a lot
of these shows that you're watching some
producer is faked stuff it happened with
me and a show that I was on I had to get
furious at this production company did
this show because they faked something
on a show that was on I was so mad when
I found out the cheaters wasn't real
that they set up cheaters member
cheaters Joey Greco
remember that but was it real when he
got stabbed cuz he got stabbed that's
what ended that show I don't know if
that was real it was said I'm after he
got snaps didn't get fucked up anymore
but we find out if that was staged cuz
if it was all staged it was all fake
they busted someone someone stabbed him
I thought I was sitting it's fake that's
damage estimate incident was staged Oh
was staged or faked it says staged
mm-hmm what does that mean would you let
someone stab you on television like how
much money would they have to that's
dangerous you get stabbed man you could
die I don't think they stabbed him I
think they had red red ink or red paint
or you know blood fake blood hmm had him
really just clench up Inside Edition
reported according to a paid actor that
was a fake act he was paid $400 to act
out phony scenarios on the show I don't
know if that was that exact stabbing I
thought that was gonna say I had a
friend of mine back in New York that
used to do those shows that lowered like
Jenny Jones and shit like that or you
know those shows like Phil Donahue like
any guys show yeah like hey we're
looking for a guy who's been secretly
having an affair with his brother's wife
for the last year you know anybody like
what a coincidence I've been secretly
having an affair with my brother's wife
oh my god are you free on Tuesday yep
and then they bring him in and then we
go do that and they would call back like
we're looking for a guy who pretended to
be a police officer and would arrest
people do you know anybody like that
what a creep what crazy world I used to
be a cop so they would just run a
scenario by him and he would say that
was and they everyone knew what what was
going on and so they were all covered
right he lied to them they didn't know
and so he would show up and do this
goofy fucking show and he was just acted
I saw him on a couple different ones
yeah yes Springer everyone thought you
know Springer was real - until you it
got just obnoxious they kept like
running out of crazy things to do it's
not real
oh yeah no no no are you kidding I can't
tell whether you're being serious I
didn't know if it was real
sometimes things are real I don't think
I don't know about that on Springer
I'm not sure though I mean some were so
obnoxiously fake like these people break
they they would have said that by the
end they had such bad actors people were
like laughing at themselves and stuff
some of those shows were great though
yeah some of those just there's moments
on those shows hilarious at the security
guard from Jerry Springer ended up with
his own TV show because he got so famous
for running a stage he willed us that's
hilarious his show I love I love
flipping those on sometimes if I'm at a
hotel or something random you know and I
mean just like just seeing what people
are really watching the daytime every
now and catch a gem
it's gem of an episode one of those
maury povich is you are not the father
and the guys dancing and go crazy the
best one of my favorite ones I was I
don't remember which show it was but I
was watching it with candy Alexander
we're in my dressing room when we're
doing news radio we're just bored in
between scenes we're watching TV because
sometimes like if they're setting up a
scene like if maybe if they're
special-effects I'm like you might be be
there for fucking two hours right so
we're watching it might even been
rehearsal I don't remember because it
was during the day but we're watching
the show and this girl has this like
real slutty outfit on and she's got all
his attitude and she's talent you know
telling everybody she's the shit and
y'all just jealous you know and this one
dude gets up and it was like one of the
most calm dismantling of a person I ever
saw a guy do the guy got up and again
I'm I don't think he's an actor I don't
think he planned this he goes see you
could pull that off but it's all about
your attitude he goes if you add some
pizzazz you could pull that off but your
attitude stank and that make you look
nasty and the whole place is just
it was the timing but your attitude
stank
and that made you get looked nasty I
fucked it up she dude it was it was one
of those moments where you know she has
just look at her face like she just got
hit with a fucking Mike Tyson right hand
like like Deontay Wilder just Baum
daughter like what those moments did you
get those moments every now and then if
you watch a religious show you'll get
one of those moments sometimes every now
and then they'll just say something so
ridiculous like what the fuck did you
say
yeah they end up you know it ends up
being too rythmics sometimes at the end
like everybody that would walk off would
always walk off on Maury to like that
green room in the back right down the
hallway there's clearly you know the
cameras set up for access for there and
everything and it would have been more
random if they've stormed off in another
direction sometimes something more
believable
well how about dr. Phil right no here's
what's weird about humans and culture
dr. Phil has been on for ever right
here's about million guests one girl
comes on she's like catch me outside and
she becomes a multi-millionaire she's
huge
she's famous she sells makeup she's got
a fucking giant billboard on sunset I'm
gonna be honest with you I listened to
her rap album and it is good there you
go she's hypnotizing Tony every South
Park made fun of her with Cartman doing
that and I was like yeah 15 years how
long ago was like it where he was a
little girl on South Park talking shit
he's like fuck yeah I'll do what I well
about it yeah that is a long time ago
not that long ago I think she's only
like 17 or something now I don't think
we were in this studio when that was
happening
cash me outside I don't you know but I
mean the South Park thing was predated
her by a couple years had oh okay so was
the South Park thing based on anyone in
particular I think that he just had a
lot of grit like that was a typical show
and she's all stiff stood out in the
middle of Twitter world and then right
isn't that weird though wouldn't
something just takes off like that it's
weird how memes take off yeah like in
things like that like what what things
really
grab people catch me outside everything
you're gonna be huge she's huge I do
what I want oh my god imagine oh legend
show legend show down that shows one of
the greatest like entertainment
franchises whether it's sports music
films greatest franchises ever South
Park no doubt about it they get away
with so much because it's all cartoon so
they can have people get their head
chopped off they can get beat to death
lose arms squirt right of their armpits
because it's so not real looking like
Canadians their heads aren't even
attached for Canadians
it's so funny but it's not even that
mean you know anybody but it's so
ridiculous as they differentiate like
they're not even human
they're just different thing their
fucking heads aren't connecting that's
just so crazy it's the best show ever
and look at that oh my god South Park
continues to mock China yeah I've seen
it but you know they removed South Park
from China but see like you can't trick
them the way they tricked the NBA
those guys have plenty of money they
don't need your money they're there to
make this wild ass show and so if you
give them a reason like oh you're gonna
take away the China money okay not gonna
stop those guys by cutting off some of
the money and they almost everything
they almost 70 got there one one there
one away from literally accomplishing
you know yeah they've done everything
they've been around forever they've put
together a play that's a musical they
put together films
I mean Team America World Police is
still to this day one of my all-time
favorite comedies and then before that
the South Park movie and when the South
Park movie when the
devil was gay for Saddam Hussein and
like you see like big fake it like was
dicks you see his dick yeah remember but
because it was like a cartoon you like
allowed to see it dick you look this is
crazy
you ever seen lemmiwinks the episode
lemmiwinks which ones that favorite of
all time it's one where mr. garrison
wants to get fired from his jobs that i
think they were just paying people or
something like that so he's trying to
get fired so he had missed he hired mr.
slave to come in and try to get him
fired by doing gay stuff like and then
because he found out he could sue the
school cuz if he gets fired for being a
gay guy or whatever so eventually as mr.
slave come in and teach I'm pretty sure
maybe I have this mixed up it's been a
long time but gayer than gay or stuff
happens and he's not getting fired
eventually he has mr. slave shove a
gerbil up its ass and all of a sudden
the whole thing switches over for the
most part and comes back and forth but
it becomes an adventure of lemmiwinks he
has to make it out of the gay man but he
can't but he can't go out of the gates
have closed off for the sphincter and
there's all these like things that
happen throughout this show
it becomes an adventure poem yeah
because he has to go all the way up to
get out look he has a little kick he has
a little candle what is he standing into
look look what's in the rectum is just
green fluid with bubbles and chunks
floating and and that's another thing
he's going by corpses of other gerbils
as do the shit they've had misses mr.
garrison do is a perfect example of how
you could never do anything remotely
like this on a regular show how about
when he had a slot off with Britney
Spears and he stuffed her up his ass to
win the slut off he stuffs Britney
Spears up his ass he climbs on her head
and shoves down until she disappears in
his ass it's unbelievable what these
people look like oh my god oh my god
can you just pull up the scene just so
Tony and I can watch it over the slot
off by yourself the always parents hell
why he was Britney Spears at the same
time you know they've done Britney speed
with the well with Britney Spears they
did the whole what was it that they kept
trying to make her be better or
something and they end up they want her
to keep making albums even though
they're driving her crazy
and then by the end she shoots herself
in the head or something like that but
then they have her in the studio and she
can't even make noises with their mouth
she blew her head off basically okay
challenge season 15 years ago it's so
important for comedy to have a show like
that out there that just has no
boundaries there's and calm essential
just is smart enough as with all the
silliness that they've been accused of
they're smart enough to leave those guys
the fuck alone
mm-hmm just let them keep doing it you
know you've seen six days to air yes
right yeah do you remember when they had
Mohammed inside a bear costume inside a
van with the van door closed and people
are still mad do you remember that now
not exactly is that actually Mohammed I
did they went full oh no was this
recently yeah
Mohammed getting knocked down by Lincoln
no one takes it further than the Muslims
though like even draw our guy if you
even draw our guy death that's right he
was in a bear costume too
if you even draw our guy death I'd love
to kill you I don't even know where to
begin with that
well how about you know Salman Rushdie
is right now remind me
Salman Rushdie was an author who wrote a
book that wasn't even specifically about
Islam was it called again I remember
from that Seinfeld episode where George
met him he's like there's Salman Rushdie
and they're like Kramer did or something
so I don't know either
remember the book no I remember him I
don't remember the book but some
whatever the book was there was a fatwa
put out on him you know an attack on his
life
so they he had to go into hiding and he
was he's in hiding like forever people
are mad at him for years and years and
years Satanic Verses that's it
Satanic Verses and people are fear but I
don't even think it mentions Mohammed in
the book yeah I don't get that
touchy I don't get that that's some
weird that's other side of the world
stuff like well this a beautiful ice
it's a bit like a bit that I used to
have about Catholics like you'll never
see Catholic suicide bomber because none
of us believe in it that much well the
Catholic suicide bombers go you go first
how the fuck do I know you're gonna go
like we know there's just so much
nonsense there's so much nonsense in
Catholicism it doesn't have people that
well no one's gonna kill somebody for
Catholicism yeah and we all know like we
all not like it's so obvious you go to
the Vatican yo this is where you guys
been putting all your shitty took from
everybody right it's billions of dollars
of artwork in the Vatican billions have
you been now you should go it's one of
those places that I tell people it's
worth it
food there's amazing what do you eat it
Italian food no Chinese everybody's
leisurely something nice about that
there's something nice about that but
it's it's super interesting to see all
the artwork they had Rome is interesting
in general because like there's a
there's in the middle of this area where
the Vatican is there's like this
courtyard they have a an Egyptian
obelisk that somehow another they moved
from Egypt I mean this thing's huge this
huge stone obelisk that's carved and and
somehow another they got it and had it
stand up it's it's planted in the middle
of this little in the one in Central
Park zero Egyptian one from Egypt
huge from Egypt yeah whoa no shit yeah
what woman was that one put in 1881 dude
Central Park is pretty fucking amazing
if you're so lucky you can get an
apartment that overlooks Central Park
that makes New York a totally different
place
Wow look at that man that's nuts
an Egyptian obelisk put in the New York
in New York in 1881 what yeah that's
nuts
there's all sorts of hieroglyphs all
over Oh nobody tagged it I know
I've haven't you know I've only seen it
once the person I'll have 24-hour guards
around the thing I'll think so but they
have guards all over New York so someone
might find it quickly does cameras and
stuff honey maze that no one did
anything to fuck with that that seems
like a little too precious to me just
out in the rain and snow I mean when
when was that constructed is that like
an artifact I've looked up to II don't
remember I've looked it up before it was
like transported there for a very
particular reason but there's like
there's these little crab claws at the
very bottom of it which you're like
interesting hmm well the whole thing's
cool yeah yeah I mean all of the
hieroglyphs on it to it that might be
one of those things where you could
never put that there today if you said
hey there's this place in Egypt I know
we can get an obelisk this is put in the
middle of Central Park they'd be like
it's a fuck out of here Cleopatra's
Needle yeah unbelievable yeah people
would be like what what the fuck are you
talking about man look I know you can't
take an Egyptian artifact and just leave
it in a park take a 200-ton thing like
that on a boat strapped to you dick 200
ton granite obelisk first shifted from
vertical to horizontal nearly crashing
to the ground the process Steamship oh
my god they brought 200 tons and you're
making the fucking ship left the 50 ton
pedestal oh you'd be looking at
everybody on that boat oh don't you eat
too much you fuck we're barely hanging
in here 32 horses brought it from the
bank
to the East River into the century into
Central Park it's already two horses
with railroad ramp they put up to
imagine that day god that's nuts
took 112 days to move the obelisk from a
quarantine station to its resting place
Wow yeah that's weird it's weird they
would just keep it there because again
like if you had a novelist that you
found was an ancient historical object
anyway let's just leave it in the park
put in the middle the park it's good if
you can't do that you asshole all you
have to put a fence around it you have
to put put it into glass this is this is
art that was made thousands of years ago
these people are dead we don't even know
what they were doing it's just sitting
there yeah that is the place like I
think if I had the choice if there was
one place where I could go on a time
machine just peek for like an hour just
look around and then come back to
present-day that I think that would be
the spot I'd want to see what Egypt was
like when they were building the
pyramids like in the middle of
construction when they're at their peak
when they're building the Great Pyramid
of Giza
like what was society like who are the
people like you just be a fly on the
wall and no one knew you were there see
if they saw you they'd be like what are
you do what does this down your wrist
who are you why your teeth are so good
how come you don't look deformed I'd go
back to the jail I'd be on the grassy
knoll but Dave JFK oh yeah that's me now
I should be on the grass you know or to
be in the Book Depository
see if you're in the Book Depository
then you know that Lee Harvey Oswald
isn't there I think he may have even
been there I think he may have even been
firin but I don't I don't believe that
he was the only one I'm with you that's
exactly what I think I think he could
have been in on it and maybe he didn't
even fire it right but when they said
when he said he was a patsy you know the
way he said it when he got arrested he
said I'm just a patsy that is that's
like a guy who knew he was gonna get in
trouble for something that's not like a
regular guy he was not a regular guy
they easily could have talked him into
doing something fucked up and then they
did something as well and blamed it all
on him and they had him set up for it
he seemed like a wacky dude someone that
did that and made that shot and really
wanted him dead would own it
quite the opposite at that point you're
not trying to not go to prison mm-hmm
well maybe he is but it didn't seem like
it he didn't seem like a guy who'd just
shot someone he also didn't seem like a
guy who was shocked that he was getting
arrested for something but you could
make someone a patsy back then that was
real
you could set someone up and then you
hired Jack Ruben just run up on the guy
and shoot him he just did it now the
guy's dead Jack Ruby drops the gun they
put him in a nice jail cell I love you a
nice jail cell I don't know I did and
then what happened to Jack Ruby
something happen to him in jail got
cancer
how much you know about those three guys
that they thought thinking it may be
that's John Carr there's three hobos or
yeah is another one of them was Woody
Harrelson's dad yeah they're in the CIA
I read her they thought somewhere who
knows look Kennedy was not a popular guy
by any stretch of the imagination with a
giant chunk of the population think
about his mate like if as many people
hate Trump right now if that's only like
I mean I don't know how many people
hated Kennedy but I know that the Bay of
Pigs was a huge disaster a lot of
military people hated him for that
supposedly he wanted to get rid of the
NSA supposedly he wanted to get rid of
there was he wanted to do something
about the Federal Reserve there was a
lot of things that he wanted to do
apparently maybe was the CIA I think it
was the CIA he was trying to disband one
of those but he just he didn't he had a
disdain for secrecy and secret societies
you know like that there was a lot of
these like skullenbones type things that
like george w bush was in or Herbert
Walker Bush rather his dad was George GW
and skullenbones - yeah yeah I mean all
that wacky shit like what are you doing
you fucking you dressing up like a druid
what are you doing are you burning an
effigy you know a lot of people thought
that was all fake until Alex Jones and
Jon Ronson was with him right yes
I don't know yes I'm pretty sure Google
that make sure I'm right I think I'm
pretty sure was ronson appreciate onsen
was I know it was he was talking about
it was talking about on the podcast
about you know like that they couldn't
believe what they found so this is place
Bohemian Grove and the idea was that
there all the elites would go there and
they would engage in these occult
rituals this is in America yeah yeah
it's in California oh it's like Northern
California and so you hear about this
and you're like what like if you heard
about that like hey there's a place
former presidents go top top ranking
generals and heads of state and bankers
and famous artists they go to this place
and they they do occult rituals they
perform occult rituals episode bar part
four of the secret rulers of the world
directed by Jon Ronson he travels with
Alex Jones there you go Netflix you
could definitely see it on YouTube right
and definitely see the interaction on
you so Alex films these people
worshipping Molech the our God and doing
this thing's completely sneaks in just
acts like he belongs there just let him
in navigate guarded gate just fuckin
hey hey how you doing huh it looks like
a Republican had let him through he is
there filming them they have an effigy
like a bunch of straw and shit that's
supposed to represent a person that
you're sacrificing to Moloch the AL God
they dressed these crazy hoods they put
the effigy down they say they have those
loud speakers they have this crazy
speech they give it's so weird but these
are like legitimate wealthy famous
people politicians these people are hit
like heads of banks and shit and they're
all in there and they're dressing up
this is real like this isn't like you
hear things like that like well that's
nonsense right
that's nonsense that doesn't really
happen there's not a real like
Bilderberg meeting they don't really get
together and fucking pretend they're
burning hookers they really do they
really do yeah and so that he films this
and like it's one of the first things
that got me thinking about conspiracies
as much as you can think that Alex is a
wacky guy and he's certainly eccentric
and he's not always right you know and
that's part of the problem when you're
being lied to left and right by so many
different things you can get real off
unspun things and he and he did right
he's gotten you know he's you know it's
been beaten into the ground but the the
fact is that there are a certain amount
of these things out there like that and
if it wasn't for Alex releasing that
video I think most people would think
that's nonsense
but when you see that video you have to
go okay
what is this what is going on are they
really dressing up is this really an
occult ritual what is this have you ever
seen it no show my video Bohemian Grove
just so we can watch their the textures
and stuff yes it's really blurry and
yeah but let's but well you'd have to
hear it - sounds like a booming
loudspeaker but see what what you can
see it's kind of blurry but this guy I
mean he there's like it's famous this
place so do you think these people all
work with each other business this all
sees got this hidden camera footage of
these people with torches dressed up
like druids going over and they're
carrying the effigy and then they're
gonna sacrifice it and light on fire
dude this is like really rich famous
powerful people are all here watching
this look at that
and then the Matt back that up so we can
hear what it's or we can read what it
says back it up a little bit yeah but I
don't want to hear it Jamie I just want
to see the right on low it keeps going
yeah but can't you um no what I'm saying
is make it so I can't hear it and mass
wrens the stones of Babylon or so
they're like what do they even say play
it out a little bit like look at this
for a beauty is eternal so they have
this in and we bow to beauty everlasting
it's a very strange shit so they're
yelling us out this guy's got this on a
loudspeaker
and they're they're engaging in this
ritual and then they bring over this
effigy and they light it on fire they
have a boat in the water like it's queer
dude just imagine being a guy who's
worth a billion dollars and this is what
you do for fun you're gonna get together
with Mike and Harry who runs Microsoft
and you're all gonna go and pretend
you're burning something look look at
this but did they become billionaires
and then do this or is it a chicken in
the egg mmm that's the question that's
what people think about the elites right
people think well and in some families
it is true I mean if these people are
all meeting up once a year to burn a
stack of hay shaped like a lady
why wouldn't they invest in each other
and you know of course they're all
bankers and successful yeah well that
was the thing about skullenbones is that
they all had something on you everyone
knew something because you all sucked
everybody's digging right took Polaroids
of it and dressed up like a munchkin you
know that's what they all did they did
some wacky shit like hardly know fuck
it's hard to think like what you could
have had on somebody before porn search
history they probably all fucked each
other it probably was one guys like the
top skullenbones guys just really into
fucking dudes and you just convinced
everybody no be crazy doing that how do
we have a group super secret group and
you can't tell anybody about how we're
gonna stop people tell people I know
we're gonna film me fucking really he's
just trying to fuck these guys in the
ass that's his goal is just to fuck guys
in the ass he's like man this is getting
harder and harder to trick these do this
I didn't figure out a new way so he
comes up with this super exclusive elite
club it's called skull and bones yeah do
you want in yeah well we are be able to
trust you you could trust me I won't
tell anybody I don't believe you Timmy
Timmy I don't believe you I think you
would tell we're gonna have to have
something on you well I mean what do you
mean we're gonna have to have you do
something that you don't want to do and
that way we'll if you ever say anything
about us we'll tell everybody about you
oh I mean I really do want to be in the
club guarantee you that's how it went
down
that's crazy one Alfa gay dude just
tricked a bunch of guys isn't that if
it's not skullenbones maybe they don't
do that but there's a group out there
that does here's one of those groups one
of those crazy groups
that's just run by a dude's just dunking
dudes my nice 35 is still in college
everybody's like Mike why you still go
to school here someone's got made sure
that's how everything starts right now
that's the bone yard the bone house the
bone house that our ethics are true I'm
here to uphold the strictest
interpretation of the boneyards rules no
trust you and I share your commitment
yeah everybody bathes in oil first like
why are we in the oil what what's going
on just these weird fucking secret
societies you ever heard the Kennedy
speech about secret societies uh it's
fucking creepy when when it turns out
that eventually gets murdered
it's creepy sorry Irishman hey no good
about yeah yeah no it is good as so many
people told me that they hated it that I
was shocked when I watched it and it was
good pull up Kennedy's speech about
secret societies cuz Kennedy had this
speech about secret societies that many
people speculated had to do with the CIA
or had to do with the movie brings up an
angle I didn't know is that he hired his
brother to become the Attorney General
and he started going after yes the mob
yeah oh yeah oh yeah he did right after
they helped him get into office where's
the other thing about the Kennedys they
were drug dealers 100% bootleggers yes
they were selling whiskey or moonshine
or whatever the fuck it was says the dad
was too old at the time to get a hold of
the sons like they were trying to get
old man Kennedy to tell us kids crack
the whip get him in line but they
couldn't get get to him cuz he was just
staring out windows oh he was done
already yeah yeah that makes sense
listen man they were illegal alcohol
salesman they made a bunch of money
selling alcohol illegally just like a
drug dealer does same thing the fact
that those folks went on to become this
incredibly powerful family and then two
brothers get publicly assassinated
fucking a man two of them the fact that
you can keep guys around that you know
will whack somebody for you like that
they'll be a jack ruby or sirhan sirhan
just trick a guy figure out what do you
gotta say to that guy to get that guy to
run up on that dude and shoot him in the
stomach
I mean if you put a gun to somebody's
head and you tell them that if they
don't do this we're gonna kill you and
your family that's it pretty much you
got them especially sometimes you know
like in the movies when they show
someone a picture of their family and
they show them a picture of their house
or whatever you know and I mean like I
know where you live I know that's I
think it's more than that
I think it's guys that you can tell that
they're gonna do a good thing they're
gonna go out in history and they're
gonna live in infamy like for their own
personal gain like you're talking about
people that that are so dumb you're
willing to you're gonna you're gonna
lose the rest of your life because
someone's telling you to go shoot Bobby
Kennedy and you're gonna do it in a
restaurant front everybody it was a
hotel we actually did all right that was
in LA we actually did fear factor in the
very hotel where he was shot because the
hotel eventually shut down I don't know
how long after the assassination but
when we were there they would rent it
out for television shows it's just like
weird place man you walked through the
kitchen where where he got shot like yet
he's got shot in the kitchen they bring
him into the kitchen probably on him and
I think it wasn't like the convention
part where they're giving a speech and
that guy swears that he didn't kill him
and licit but play that play that uh
that kennedy speech it's actually like a
20 minute speech this is I think this is
the main highlight okay hopefully
looking for yeah let me very word
secrecy is repugnant in a free and open
society and we are as a people
inherently and historically
opposed to secret societies to secret
oaths and to secret proceedings we
decided long ago that the dangers of
excessive and unwarranted concealment of
pertinent facts far outweighed the
dangers which are cited to justify it
even today there is little value in
opposing the threat of a closed society
by imitating its arbitrary restrictions
even today there is little value in
insuring the survival of our nation if
our traditions do not survive with it
and there is very grave danger that an
announced need for increased security
will be seized upon by those anxious to
expand its meaning to the very limits of
official censorship and concealment that
I do not intend to permit to the extent
that it's in my control and no official
of my administration whether his rank is
high or low civilian or military should
interpret my words here tonight as an
excuse to sense of the news to stifle
dissent to cover up our mistakes or to
withhold from the press and the public
the facts they deserve to know for we
are opposed around the world by a
monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that
relies primarily on covert means for
expanding its sphere of influence on
infiltration instead of invasion on
subversion instead of Elections on
intimidation instead of free choice on
guerrillas by night instead of armies by
day it is a system which has conscripted
vast human and material resources into
the building of a tightly knit highly
efficient machine that combines military
diplomatic intelligence economic
scientific and political operations it's
preparations are concealed not published
it's mistakes are buried not headlined
it's dissenters are silenced not praised
no expenditure is questioned no rumor is
printed no secret is revealed no
president should fear public scrutiny of
his program for from that scrutiny comes
understanding and from that
understanding comes support or
opposition and both are necessary that's
good I am NOT asking you get it Wow
crazy right yeah now if you had just
heard that if someone else was saying
that instead of Kennedy if someone else
is saying those very things in front of
you about how they have an open budget
there their findings are all concealed
they're a tightly wid group knit group
that combines the military and science
and all you'd be like Wyatt you want Sam
sure please Bob that's big ha ha heon
tinfoil hat you know what are you doing
with this wacky thought we think that
that would be the pret he's talking
about secret societies talking about the
industrial the military-industrial
complex he's talking about all the gears
that are in play all the pieces that are
in play that are making money and
causing war and deciding what
information people shouldn't shouldn't
have and what overreach you know they're
going to put into action he's
foreshadowing everything hit me I
watched on the plane the other day the
Dick Cheney movie with I haven't heard
oh you must watch this since I called
Cheney's vice with Christian Bale right
he gained like 70 fuckin pounds were
unreal in this movie he's great at
everything he does he's in a whole
nother gear he turns into this guy man
and it's so crazy he was just a guy
working for Halliburton you know he's
running all this military stuff and has
all this experience with you know
politics but he's really just a business
owner and so working a good he looks
like incredible he's done real how many
fat guys saw that movie and go if I just
lost weight
yeah could be bad inside of me I could
be Batman I got Batman inside of me I
mean I got these pudgy wrists and
fucked-up hands but the practice Wow
he gotta see it is crazy and is that him
with or their next each other oh just a
picture picture next to each other
about he got fat huh he went for it he
really went for it man it's so good you
really exposes that part of things how
close you know you can he's he wants you
know he's running a massive business
that makes military stuff so us having
to do stuff benefits him how to
tremendously it's one of the most
transparent scams that's legal in the
history of the world just pause and
think about how crazy everybody's going
on about this Trump call to Ukraine and
whether or not there was enough to
impeach him and all this madness people
going crazy about this right this is
like that this is the topic and I've
heard many Democrats go there's nothing
here folks you got to back up this is
not enough to take a guy out of office
the Republicans are never gonna vote for
this like you guys are you know you're
making a big mistake here
now think imagine a guy who's the vice
president of the United States who is
also a guy who used to be the CEO of
Halliburton then this guy decides to go
to war under false pretenses they make
up some shit about weapons of mass
destruction they blow this fucking place
to smithereens and then Halliburton gets
no-bid contracts I mean this wasn't
someone saying I can do it for 3 billion
I can do it for 2.7 it wasn't any of
that there was a no bid contract for
billions of dollars to repair the places
they blow up and he was making money off
of it it's crazy I think for the first
year or something like that I want to
know when Dick Cheney was actually
making money off a Halliburton I think
he had abandoned his position or give up
his stocks or something but it was a
while it was it was it was one of those
things where you like me you just left
you just left and then the
company you just left is now getting no
bid contracts in the billions am i
stupid right
how are you allowed to do this on
television in front of everybody in the
movie oh and you know in movie also
shows how much of the president's ear he
really had because the president the
George W needed him to win it you needed
him to run with him to get the you know
the real like Republican votes at the
time for sure yeah for sure no one else
was you know that could do what he could
do he needed him he was deeply deeply
deeply connected but it was also bushed
in wha doing that Schiller you go ahead
and handle it so yeah yeah that was the
deal with the occasion at least in the
movie that's the deal that they made
basically he's like plays Bush someone
unbelievable hits what's his name Sam
Rockwell I think it is yeah yeah he's
unreal I mean this movie was so easy to
watch I never is one of those movies
where like halfway through it you're
like I hope this never ends long who
plays Bush Sam Rockwell yeah did you
ever see the moon move movie just moon
there it is you see the two billboards
that well looks like Bush that's amazing
he's got the eyebrows down Steve Carell
destroys as Donald Rumsfeld oh of course
he does Carell is obese dude he's unreal
in this they make Rumsfeld look like
basically what he was just a big doofus
like you know would get out and do his
own thing and they'd have to control
Rumsfeld you want to hear another
conspiracy theory yeah you probably
don't know it's gonna blow your minds do
it the day before 9/11 the day before
the attacks
Rumsfeld gave a press conference where
we talked about trillions of dollars
missing the day then a plane slams into
the very part of the building where they
were doing the accounting blows up half
the fucking building of the Pentagon
blows up a wall Donald Rumsfeld was on
what was it the White House lawn listen
to this this is like ten minutes but
it's at the Pentagon this is on c-span
yeah look it up right now
just
we got to get to the quote where he says
mentions 2.3 trillion dollars in missing
receipts talks about his adversary but
see if you could just find them whoa
see the just there's I know there's
YouTube videos you're what are you
looking at these clips on here on c-span
okay if you just google it on don't even
do that just go through YouTube that's
um I know you have to see it because you
hear him say it you're like wait what
the fuck did he just say yeah yeah I
think that's it
let's see already spends according to
some estimates we cannot track 2.3
trillion dollars in transactions 2.3
okay now again somebody told you that
literally like right before 9/11
happened they said they couldn't track
2.3 trillion dollars you go no that
didn't happen that did not happen but it
did happen what the fuck yeah so think
about what kennedy said yeah think about
what you saw when you saw that vice
movie where Dick Cheney who is the CEO
of Halliburton becomes a vice president
and gets billions of dollars in no-bid
contracts now think about we just saw
with Donald Rumsfeld saying they
couldn't find 2.3 trillion dollars I I
don't know I don't know it seems like we
should have had it okay we'll keep
looking
oh no the spot where we look just blew
up oh my god
what find out if that's true if the it
was the accounting office because this
is what I loved I love to say it because
it sounds good
but let's make sure it's true that that
part blew up but either way that he did
say that and then they did get hit by a
plane a couple of days later
it's unbelievable it's so crazy and you
know what talked about that trillion
dollars no it's trillion 2.3 trillion to
trillions bigger than most countries
right that you build a whole nother
country or so that's two point three
million million ooh isn't it no so
thousand trillion is a billion right no
a thousand billion how about no yeah
that well yeah a thousand million is a
billion is a thousand billion a trillion
yeah a thousand billion is a trillion
and it's nine hundred every billion
trillion is that really what it is it's
nine hundred and ninety nine billion
times two it was a billion trillion a
couple more billions no its we're so
stupid
it's a hundred thousand and then a
million and then ten of those is a
billion right yeah or a hundred of those
a hundred millions of billion it's a
hundred so it's a hot each one is a
hundred oh shit yeah trillions a whole
nother three zeroes another three zeroes
yeah that's so much how would you say
that would you say that's uh look how
big it looks written out so it's a
million so that's a billion that's a
trillion it's the word billion is
referred exclusively to as a million
millions a million millions okay but how
many is a trillion a billion millions
trillions a million millions huh oh well
what's a billion a thousand Millions
okay that makes sense a million Millions
so it's 2.3 million Millions no that
seems like a lot to be missing and then
BOOM plane hits the Pentagon everybody
stops talking about it what was the last
time you heard about that 2.3 trillion
never that didn't come up all the times
we were talking about flight 93 let's
roll remember that let's roll that's
what they said right before they went up
to kick her ass and that's why that
plane hit the ground it didn't kill all
the fine people that it was going
towards the White House or whatever
in British terms British English which
is not American English the word billion
referred exclusively to a million
millions however is no longer common and
the word is now used to mean one
thousand million so if anybody is in
another country and it's confused that's
why it seems like if that would've got
that make sense million makes sense
million million doesn't make sense it
seems like if that would have gotten out
that that that money was missing that
the whole country could have revolted
like I mean that's what what did you do
with our tax money that's not money
right but that's a way to steal 2.3
trillion if you're if you get if you
stole 2.3 trillion you want to cover it
up start a war right I mean boom
immediately everybody's freaking out
they can't believe what's going on I
mean that's what the tinfoil hat Brigade
would say what does this say MSU
scholars find 21 trillion unauthorized
government spending oh my god this is
recent 21 trillion and unauthorized
government spending defense department
to conduct first-ever audit oh they've
never audited before why would they
audit they just get free money they're
not like a regular company right the
Defense Department's not like a company
where like all the stockholders are
going hey fuckface
what are you doing I got you know a
hundred thousand shares your stupid
fucking company your CEOs running into
the ground no they don't even have to
audit they don't don't do shit they just
take that job oh we missing you know 21
trillion whatever I don't even know what
that is
so thousand million billion or something
21 so the last four years we've been
good don't don't pay attention that last
four years we have a misspent at all
that's what Kennedy was talking about
literally not saying that anyone you
know I'm absolutely not saying 9/11 was
an inside job I don't think it was but I
am saying that when things happen and
disasters take place people capitalize
on those disasters and if it's possible
that someone was going to set something
up some sort of an attack and they're
going to do it because
they were in the process of stealing
something or was gonna steal something
you would have to be a lot Billy wait a
minute what are they gonna do how much
money would it be worth it to start a
war that might be the number two point
three trillion that might be the number
like you feel like what's how much would
it cost to start a war if you're evil
anyway hmm would you start a war for a
hundred million man I can't spread that
then enough you know I got a gonna
grease a lot of Palms we're gonna start
a war why we starting a war what's going
on well you gotta get this fucking oil
man I don't know how to do it I'm
thinking I just I don't like the World
Trade Center hilarious I just googled
how much have we spent in Afghanistan
you want to guess how much that number
got to okay I guess ever in Afghanistan
wish I was going off of Congressional
Budget Office reported report published
in October 2007 said Oh could this isn't
a potential numbers of potential
spending then this is potential what
they wanted to spend as of 2007 what
they wanted to spend plan to spending
well how much did they spend do they
spend more or less not think they spent
way more okay let's just guess what how
much what do you think the number is
jeez this is a tough one Afghanistan
only enough counter it says uh actually
says Iraq in Afghanistan bracha desk
yeah I'm gonna go with a hundred and
thirteen trillion dollars whoa that's a
lot I'm gonna go with uh I'm gonna go
with 100 billion what is it they
conveniently planned on spending two
point four trillion dollars Wow which is
a very convenient number after we lost
two point three but they spent closer to
like six or so this is the worst is like
if you check somebody's accounting books
and they just have stick figures with
googly eyes like what are the odds that
is so crazy but it's not like we covered
it up good they'll never imagine that
that that's you're laundering that's
your money laundering war it's not but
right like if you're if you are someone
that makes weapons and you have a huge
contract with Defense Department and you
have the ear of the Defense Department
and you know you guys play golf jet and
you dress up like druids and burn an
effigy worship Molech the owl god and
you start talking and you say hey man
what are we gonna do to keep his fucking
I got these tanks I'm making they are
motherfucker wouldn't be great try them
out you know tell you what I got a deal
for you and they just walk around
playing golf talking shit and the next
thing you know I mean who has the
ultimate influence in whether or not
there is military action and how long
that military action goes on for right
like his Bernie Sanders and a lot of
these people and tulsi gabbard a lot of
people that are running for president
say that if they got one of the things
they would do is to stop these
interventional interventionalist Foreign
Wars and this world police wars that we
just go on and invading other people's
lives that we would stop doing that I
think that's great
right but who really gets to say like
who gets to say whether or not like who
talks to Trump and says let's just keep
rolling into this place what's wrong
there's a fucking problem over there
Isis Isis building up what bumfuck eyes
people like who has the real ear I mean
is it that is it generals I mean does is
there any industry influence at all from
weapons industries or from people who
have deals with them or you know that's
what Eisenhower warned about when he
left office you've heard that right
yeah that is one of the craziest
speeches a president has ever said Trump
says you do have a military-industrial
complex they do like war yeah well they
say you try to pull some troops out and
they wouldn't let him oh that's right
Trump said that don't kid yourself he
says you do have a military-industrial
complex they do like war you know in
Syria with the Caliphate so I wipe out a
hundred percent of the Caliphate that
doesn't mean you're not going to have
these crazy people going around blowing
up stores and blowing up things these
are seriously ill people but I wiped out
a hundred percent of the Caliphate I
said I want to bring our troops
back home the place went crazy they want
to keep you have a problem here in
Washington they never want to leave I
said you know what I'll do I'll leave a
couple hundred soldiers behind but if it
was up to them they'd bring thousands of
soldiers in someday people explain it
but you do have a group and they call it
the military-industrial complex they
never want to leave they always want to
fight no I didn't want to fight but you
do have situations like Iran you can't
let them have nuclear weapons you just
can't let that happen that goes on like
and that's you know that's one of the
thing with Trump nobody ever talks about
I feel like is it's like we've been
pretty much anti you know we haven't
been swayed into as many Wars as I feel
like we would have been who knows I mean
who knows me maybe yes maybe no maybe
we're closer to war because of him who
the fuck knows Trump administration
considers 14,000 more troops for the
Middle East as last week hmm but he also
suggesting deployment you know who knows
meant maybe they know things too you
know the thing about talking to people
like jaakko will Inc and you know my
friend Andy stump and other other folks
that have been over there like they'll
they'll tell you there's there's some
times where things build up and radicals
control cities and things get really
ugly and then they have to have some
sort of military intervention or these
people to keep growing and they you know
they dump that's the other thing that
people aren't talking about like in
Afghanistan in particular the afghan e's
are working with the soldiers against
these terrorist organizations like
there's afghan ease that are helping US
soldiers is not like all of the u.s.
against all of afghanistan no it's that
they're combined against Isis the it's
just the whole thing is so crazy that
there's these groups these organizations
that are like characters in a James Bond
movie or in a comic book
right like think about like Isis like
some some other guy says that's like if
you
crazy movie about people that you know
had a great leader who's like a
spiritual guy lived in the mountains and
you know if that's what sama bin Laden I
mean he is like a character in a movie
used to work for the for the good guys
then he switched over to the bad guys
it's like someone in a Batman movie
right you know yeah lips and caves yeah
it's just all of it is weird man oh I
mean the whole thing about you draw
Mohammed they'll kill you like how
extreme the religion is and how devoted
people are and you can't question any of
it it's the most extreme in that regard
where it doesn't doesn't allow any
questioning of it and then you know
people can't understand that some people
practice it the same way some people
practice Christianity or some people
practice other things they only they
only believe or take part in the
positive good parts of the religion so
there's a lot of people that are Muslims
that are great people they're really
kind really well educated wonderful
thoughtful people they don't have
nothing to do with terrorists and when
there is some sort of terrorist activity
it makes them feel bad that they're
getting lumped in with someone who's
doing horrific things these people that
you know end up committing to these
extreme religions I feel like and we
should be dropping like soccer balls and
intend oh switches from airplanes to
give them things to do so they're well
they're stuck believe in something if
you're stuck in a place that it's got a
very rigid religious ideology and
radical and you know you've been
radicalized since you were young and
then you got places like Yemen right
places that are getting bombed by the
u.s. from fucking robots planes are
flying overhead they're gunning down
wedding parties accidentally and killing
people I mean that happens it's pretty
common right so you're making more
radicals because then there's people who
lost their family members to some robot
flying in the sky that some kid is you
know he's got an Xbox control on his
hand he's shooting missiles you know
they say those guys who are those pilots
they suffer PTSD as well those pilots
are weirded out by that shit you know
imagine being a drone pilot and you're
watching something that you kind of know
is happening you definitely know what's
happening
right you were you're controlling it you
see it but when you hit that button you
watch those missiles choo choo choo choo
choo shoot down Hellfire missiles to
comb Hellfire to which is crazy
shoot shoot down into these camps shoot
down into these uh motorcades like you
know what you just did and most likely
you're killing eight out of ten of those
people are innocent and because of the
fact that a drone does it we're like are
we gonna do like we had a soldier and
like hey Tony you got to stop killing
innocent people hey I'm a fucking killer
okay you sent me after those bad guys
there's a lot of babies around
I had a fucking let them know you ain't
gonna stop me from getting that bad guy
there's no way we'll put you in jail
yeah but if you have an Xbox controller
and you're shooting Hellfire missiles
into a fucking school because you think
that there's a terrorist in there like
what and you know they set them up
sometimes too they give bad advice or
bad Intel yeah so they try to get
someone to blow up a school or get
someone to blow up a wedding party like
there's a lot of fuckery involved in
anything you're doing like that where
they know that if you do kill people
it's actually bad press it's bad for you
public public perception goes the other
way that bad Intel something else I
watched they came out with another
different type of World War two in color
you ever watch World War two in color I
still have it oh my god I think it's one
though right isn't it one they just came
out with a second one I was obsessed
with one eye it's the only thing on
Netflix that I've watched like five six
seven times and they just dropped
another one with a whole different
footage and a whole different angles
with historian interviews cut in between
and they're all the old film I can't
believe how many cameramen they had
shooting this crazy shit back in the day
they're on the battlefield in there
taught you can see it's a tundra people
are freed the soldiers are freezing I'm
like who's the guy filming this animals
crazy yeah the actual like tick tick
tick tick I can't imagine how they were
doing this do you think they had a
cranked it small handheld like eight
millimeter you think they cranked it
well they did it where would the battery
be I don't know it seems like it would
be ready have to they'd probably have to
crank it don't you think yeah that's
what they did in the old days ready
action and they cranked it I think might
imagined imagining that like old cameras
I think so I feel like they cranked him
imagine that was not that long ago man
that's what's really weird just look
right here
I had this author in the other day his
name Sam Sam Quinn s-see Quinn he wrote
this book empire of the summer moon it's
fucking amazing man it's about the
Comanches and it's about the the war
they had with like through Texas and
Oklahoma and went on forever like a
ganancias were the last holdout against
the American settlers and events against
the soldiers the Comanches were the last
holdouts they were the last like truly
wild tribe and they were running the
plains for like hundreds and hundreds of
years of horses and shit but here's the
thing man
this moved this book it's taken place in
the mid 1800s to the late 1800s but just
like that's so recently it's so recent
yeah the the the the giant rock from
Egypt came over in 1888 yes
came over in 1888 where I was probably
older than that but right these people
were essentially living a nomadic
Stone Age life everything was leather
and sinew and buffalo tendons they used
to make their bows and their bow strings
they made their own bows and arrows out
of wood and the arrowheads are made out
of Flint they would chip away expertly
and they would run around following
Buffalo and just shoot him with bows and
arrows and spearmen run them off cliffs
they would run them off cliffs that
stampedes
they'd get to the bottom and there was
sometimes so many bodies down in the
bottom of these Buffalo jumps that the
rotting wood caused combustion and they
would blow up they would explode and
catch fire just because there's hundreds
and hundreds of dead rotting Buffalo on
top of each other because they can't eat
that many like say if you have a tribe
you know a tribe 150 people and you
kill a thousand Buffalo like how many of
those you need you can't really eat all
of them so they would just let them sit
there and they would literally start
massive wildfires because they would
burst into flames
I saw bison when I was driving from Salt
Lake City to some other gig I should be
clear I don't think they started massive
wildfires I think they started a massive
Buffalo fire you know the the fires of
the dead bodies I don't know if there
was like shit to burn outside of there
there must be though right wait it's
probably grass and stuff on the ground
it's where the Buffalo were eating but
it's at the bottom of a cliff I don't
know what was down there but the you
know they had these areas that they
would call Buffalo jumps where they
would just circle them on this hot and
circle on this high yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah light on these Buffalo and they
just off the cliff everybody and by the
time you're running to the cliff and you
realize oh my god this is a cliff you
try to hit the brakes there's a thousand
fat fucks behind you pushing you off the
cliff Wow imagine being the first
Buffalo to get like really close he's
like running up to the cliff oh oh oh
shit the dumbest fucking giant beast on
earth the dumbest elephants are smart
right buffaloes are so dumb they just
run it buffaloes are like no disrespect
to the Buffalo but they talk in the book
about how they would shoot Buffalo and
that like everybody had like disdain for
our dumb the Buffalo where I think it
probably made it easy for them to almost
wipe them out to the point of extinction
but if you shoot Buffalo one goes down
and the other ones look and they go
right back to eating and then another
one goes down and they look and they go
back to eating like you have to
literally go out they were saying and
yell at them to get them to move yeah
that's the only way you got him away
from the ones you shot because you
wanted to eat the ones you shot so when
the ones went down they were like get
out of here fucker
while my friends died do put up a bunch
of dummies but meanwhile it's amazing
animal you know it's like the like you
had a you were gonna say that God had a
plan to provide people with the perfect
animal for hunting so the woods want you
to be eating healthy so I'm gonna give
you millions of this fucking enormous
animal doesn't move when you shoot its
friends literally fill the plains with
these things it's just people were just
such cunts that they killed them all
people were so gross cuz the buffalos
are so easy to kill that he just killed
them all they killed they would have
mountains of bones man there's a buffalo
jump says he had the bone bonfire
shelter's what's called a head two big
events in history where it happened here
right so they call it the bonfire
because all that blackened shit
apparently was because of the fires from
the buffalos hitting and burst into
flames and some of those Buffalo jumps
they say to this day you can find
arrowheads if you go wandering around
the area because you know it's so
populated by Native Americans at the
time but the Comanches dude I think this
is a this buffalo jump in Montana
decisions in Texas Oh in Texas yeah so
Texas with the Comanches there's other
Native American tribes there too but a
lot of it was the Comanches which is in
this book a lot of this book takes place
in Texas it's fucking amazing dude and
so scary there's these Buffalo down hit
in Iraq leave that large rock shelter
was a scene of a series of prehistoric
Buffalo jumps Native American hunting
hunters ingeniously Stampede it herds of
bison over the edge of a cliff
overhanging the shelter in a narrow box
canyon that empties into the Rio Grande
near Langtry Texas the Bisons plunged to
their deaths on a rock pile at the
opening of the shelter and there are
historically documented accounts of
Northern Plains Indian groups using this
effective if indiscriminate technique of
killing bison we also have to remember
back then there was so many bison
if they thought they killed a couple
extra thousand they didn't give a fuck
they were everywhere there were so many
of them and here's why that happened
here's what gets even weirder they think
that that happened because people got
smallpox and it killed like 90% of the
Native American population so when the
Europeans came over in the 1500s and
whatever was when Cortes came over here
what was that was at the 1500s anyway
when those guys came over and brought
smallpox it just wiped out like most of
the population so the Buffalo who really
their major predator was people
especially Native Americans especially
once they figured out how to ride horses
but now all's dus died and so the
Buffalo went ham just fucked up a storm
and then there was millions of them this
is author Dan Flores it has this whole
paper that he wrote on it was it called
bison ecology bison diplomacy I think
it's called something along those lines
but it's crazy they said you hear about
the fate of the Bison in North America
it's like the most iconic animal when
you really think about the Old West if
there was one animal we think about the
Old West maybe be horses but more likely
to be a bison yeah why do they call
buffalo buffalo the City of Buffalo good
question because a bison is not
technically the same as a buffalo
because those people don't move when
they should - you son of a bitch you
snuck that ain't good it's good timing -
you had a good pause there
I got genuinely curious that's good good
pause it seems like I I don't know maybe
there was a lot of Buffalo back then
there's Buffalo everywhere they were
like elk elk were in literally every
state pretty much we people were gross
man we killed everything yeah the quick
question of what's the difference is a
contrary to the song Buffalo did not
roam an American West they're indigenous
to South Asia and Africa well below
bison are for North America yeah that's
what I'm saying yeah they call it
American Buffalo but it's a bison it's a
different animal the Buffalo that you
get
like Asia and Asian water buffalo those
are the ones they get that are in
Australia they brought those over to
Australia and do they're gonna mess over
there there's nothing that kills them so
they're just all over the place and they
destroy the land they're so big there's
so many of them and they're wild they
even have wild domestic cows that grow
out of control and the male's become
like super ferocious like you know like
a bowl like a bull doesn't want you
riding them but they have a thing in
Australia called scrub bulls and what it
is is a domestic cattle like domestic
cattle but that went wild like
generations ago many many generations
ago so now they're just wild animals
that happened have enormous fucking
horns and weigh 2,000 pounds and freaked
out they see people so they see people
if you're too close
they think you're closing and try to
kill them they just fuck you up oh fuck
that is this I think that's a water
buffalo
that's what's hearing that's this yeah
see that above me is from my friend Adam
green tree he shot one of those oh this
is crazy he's gonna walk up the thing
yeah like he knows food ooh he put his
hand on it and it just dropped yeah in
the real world he would be dead as fuck
that thing would just smash him just
touch your head high I'll just touch
your head hey and then the bull just
gave in and went down yeah so that dude
you know he wound up marrying the girl
that girl that girl with the camera no
it's co-star yeah Wow
she's like man you do that with a bull
well screams yeah
yeah but that's all around Australia
those big-ass giant poles and then
big-ass scrub bulls wild domestic cow
Australia is a mess in that in that
sense like wildlife wise because there's
so much so many things that are invasive
this last time we were there for the
first time I actually went to a
sanctuary one of those places and with
Jeremiah and Joel and we had a blast man
there are some crazy animals down that
we held a koala bear took a picture with
a koala let me tell you they feel like
the American version of that animal
seems like so cute and like soft and
light it feels like a stuffed animal
what we think a koala is and we went we
went to take a picture of his sling it
was lady Han and me this koala it was
like it felt like it was tiny right same
size that I thought it would be but the
thing was like fucking three bowling
balls it was just so heavy and it's a
bear it's a real bear and that's the
thing and exactly we call it a koala
it's a koala but yet but the bleep
though it should be illegal to say it
without the word bear attached to it
because let me tell you this fucking
thing they have to feed these things
eucalyptus leaves the entire time it's
all of these well what they didn't with
the I what I didn't know is that that's
all it eats and that's all it does like
the second this thing is done with with
one of the eucalyptus leaves they have
to hand it another one because you can
feel its energy change turns its head
and it gets like a fucking little bit of
a look like these things ready to fuck
you up you have to just keep feeding
this these are like the drug addicts on
an IV drip that are starting to feel
pain the second they don't have the drip
of course look how much nutrition is a
goddamn eucalyptus leaf they probably
have to eat them you have to stuff
themselves with it yeah and they're
solid as a rock so think about all that
they must you know oh my god and Ian on
the claws it's just it's a real bear man
which well it wasn't until I held that
koala on which I realized the true power
of an what we consider an actual bear oh
my god because it's like that thing's
this big right and it felt like that was
that strong and sturdy and there in
their hands and everything you feel
everything it makes it to say it's a
ball of muscle would be a tremendous
understatement and honest to god man I
thought we were gonna go take pictures
with these koalas cuz they have the
little girl zookeepers and they seem
super comfortable and they're giggling
and happy and everything but it didn't
it being a serious situation I was
scared
I was that's hilarious very scared
jeremiah kept making fun of me because
of how scared I was I'm like I'm good
that she's like you want to take a group
picture with all of you in the barre I'm
like nah that was enough good for you
yeah yeah it's you know they're right
now because of a gigantic wildfire in
Australia they become functionally
extinct which means that 80% of their
range has been destroyed by wildfire so
you can find anything on that I think my
numbers are right you see oh there you
guys yeah that's not far away I am look
at my hand my good cuz it's thinking
about Pike it is like fucking Tony
fuck you Tony's I'm ready to bite you
bro look oh you guys are all telling
each other
we can't tell there's this the final
result Jeremiah and that dudes break off
literally laughing about that as it's
happening like ya think I would see if
you pull up the article on them koalas
now functionally extinct in Australia
because I think 80% of their range has
been destroyed and you know you're
talking about the only places where they
can live and breed and there's a giant
population of them koalas are
functionally extinct but they need our
health but what does it say well this is
one scene that see Google koalas are
functionally a state I looked it up and
these things stink - by the way I I I
was obsessed with the smell of
eucalyptus I had so there's all these
new articles that say there aren't
extinct okay so you know what it
probably was I probably got caught up in
some scientific click the one that says
they may be as of may so they created it
but it was a really recent would where
are these ones coming from these are
you're looking at older ones from me see
how everything's from Marin Times Forbes
yeah no no look I'm not saying you're
wrong Jamie what I'm saying is the older
ones when they're saying they were
functionally extinct was from a which
doesn't totally make sense because we're
they're that many fires in May cause
aren't these fires like real reason or a
bunch now yeah so most most of them are
saying no koalas aren't functionally
extinct I guess yes is after there were
bush fires overstated claims
okay yeah so that's what you got to
wonder about today man anytime you read
an art like I didn't even read it right
I just read the ahead the heading that's
what they that's how they're getting you
with everything let's click bait and
it's almost like they have to do that
like if you have a great article but it
doesn't have a catchy headline how much
how many people are gonna it's almost
you have you have to come up with
something that's almost a lie yeah you
have to get their attention you have to
at least give them the little bit that
might they article might not even be
about you just have to get them to click
it's like a Salesman or a sales job or
how often is Australia have fires if
they have one a giant one in May and
they have another giant one now and I
was watching a show some some show from
Australia with some dude who's losing
weight like some fitness show you know
his uh his his wife got him to go on
this show when he's losing all his
weight he has to do all these exercises
and shit and while they were there they
were worried that they're gonna have to
evacuate because he's giant fires were
coming their way I'm like how often is
Australian on fire hmm and when that
place is on fire that's a huge place
with not that many people right
that's much has been burned equivalent
map of America that's insane
dude that is insane that's insane we're
looking at most of Manhattan and then a
giant chunk of New York State a giant
chunk of Pennsylvania it looks like New
Jersey's completely engulfed that's nuts
wow that's a huge patch and all out into
the ocean as well that's the thing like
if you look at it that if you pulled way
back at the entire continent and looked
at that little square it wouldn't look
as big Wow
Pittsburgh to Cleveland yeah it'll go go
way back
go go go way small so you can see like
the whole continent so that's how you
gotta think of Australia so that's how
Australia looks at it alright hopefully
I get out on his own or hey
not much we can do about all right you
ready he's fucking Buffalo hey wouldn't
it be fun to just get dropped off
somewhere like that with a bunch of just
like 30 days worth of stuff in a
backpack to survive and Joey lost step
if you break your ankle right and then
you're wondering if you don't die this
way that could be the future of
vacations fact-check or this year as far
as unprecedented conservative
commentators have pointed out a long
history of Russ fryers suggests there is
nothing unusual about this season
experts disagree so it's even worse this
season yeah that's a big chunk of land I
was reading or watching a video rather
today I put on my Twitter about this
this family in Siberia that they found
that it escaped communist persecution
they were really religious and they
moved to the middle of Siberia and they
found them one day there and they had no
idea of world war two it happened they
didn't did they're missing out on like
giant then no contact with the outside
world the daughters had never seen
people before dude
were they like home-schooled the kids
Ernie oh yeah I mean they taught him
what they could but they're all just
barely surviving that one of them
starved to death the mother starved to
death and it's a cartoon of it all so
it's real weird like you watch this
cartoon you know and this lady's just
starves to death in the cartoon yeah and
the it was growing their own food and
hunting with the Kimba they didn't have
a bow and arrow they've never gone so
they would set traps in the in the
ground floor like an animals have fallen
sticks would stab them is that what they
looked like
yeah not long after they got found
fucking sever a Z man so they were I
think they were out there for that was
78 when they got found I think so I
think they were out there pre-world War
two so wrap your head around that
so they might have been out there for
you know 30 plus years and that was the
shock they lived in that was the place
they lived in and they're there in the
fucking taiga man they're in Siberia
they're 150 miles from the late the
nearest city they walked they got 150
miles in and set up shop
because some of the people that they
were with and their religious group were
killed by communists somewhere arrested
and persecuted and they just had to flee
so they took off and they they made a
little comm unit they're good five good
God
freezing cold Siberia freezing cold and
starving to death
the mother starved to death to let the
kids live it's crazy they barely made it
and then they started growing some food
and they figured out a way to the
remaining people that didn't starve to
death
figured out a way to survive but they
were barely hanging on they were all
barefoot when they found them they eat
their mom probably not right you can't
bring yourself to eat your own mother
right you might eat your mom you're
starving she's not gonna need that meat
right you don't wanna look what do you
do do you starve to death with her or do
you eat her I think she would want I
think my mom would want me to eat I know
your mom would I get to see her this
week I get that my mom's spaghetti sauce
for the first time in year and a half
years
your mom Solaris you should really
legitimately write for her and take her
on the road is your mom work does she
have a job no no she's an old lady dude
take that old lady on the road haha your
mom's funny man she could do it if you
wrote for her that'd be a good writing
exercise for you write for your mom yeah
just and you could mean especially if he
brought her to like killed Tony shows
and she goes up and just does a couple
minutes in the in these towns oh she's
definitely she's definitely gonna do
kill Tony again I don't think she knows
that but episode five hundreds coming
fast we're at like 419 right now so
that's awesome yeah isn't that crazy
it's awesome that you guys are doing
these big giant Road shows - it's
fucking killer man yeah we're in the
middle of it right now this is the end
of it we've been everywhere this year it
was such a crazy year for us we
literally went everywhere Australia
Europe and everywhere in America every
major Canadian city well it's such a
good concept if you like stand-up and
you want to know what it's like to try
it out in the beginning and then try it
out in like the most hostile environment
and a man but also most supportive
because if the comics good I give you we
all if someone does
minute every time I've been on the show
would be like fuck yeah man that was
good yeah the crowd loves it if people
are laughing like ok how long you been
doing it you ask him like alright yeah
how'd you start it and fucking you mean
for a comic man if you got a good solid
minute if you actually can do it it's an
amazing thing for you for sure you could
literally get a career started enrolling
from doing kill Tony with one minute
they have I mean we've had so many
people start on kill Tony literally
start there it's amazing but it's also
it's like it's a cool way for everyone
else to see what it's like when
someone's either just doing it for the
first time or just I mean most people
never been to an open mic night right
you know they might see your special
online or they might see someone else's
special online oh that's what a comic
looks like I don't know how to do that
but then we watch an open mic night
especially kill Tony there's at least
how many people to get up in an episode
about eight okay at least three are
fucking atrocious yeah atrocious at
least three yeah well you're just like
holy shit luckily they're only doing 60
seconds and that's what makes it fun no
that's mix and we I do this poll
sometimes especially on the road shows
we're here at some point in the episode
I'll go how many out there like to like
it when comedians do good on this show
the crowd always goes like woo and then
I always go how many you like it when
comedians do bad on this show and the
place notoriously and the cooler the
city the louder that roar is like I
specifically remember Sydney Australia
was a big one like they couldn't believe
we were there and they're part of this
thing where they get to hear you know
yeah and then yeah Sydney guys get to go
up too and girls right and here's the
other thing that makes it fun like both
ways it's great like if the comic does
great it's great everybody laughs but if
they bum
there's professional comics ready to
talk shit about it yeah which is maybe
even better and if they bomb you know
the interview lasts longer than their
set that's only 60 seconds the interview
can last up to I've spent up to if
somebody's super interesting I'll spend
15 20 minutes with them then were just
about their life there just a guest on a
podcast that's interesting do people get
mad look fucker was waiting now they
know my fucking laser-sharp 60 seconds
yeah they know what's up they know that
yeah cuz I'll only I'll only keep
someone up there if it's super
compelling we had this guy pulled out of
a bucket two weeks ago that just came
knock came down with but has Lou
Gehrig's disease I missed one comedy for
twenty years and now he's like come back
to it and he's you know he's he's got it
uh I don't know what the word is pretty
readmission no the opposite of that Oh
bad yeah he's got a strong case of it
and but he's utilizing it and he's
murdering and it's a perfect format for
Michael Lehrer le H R er something like
that I'm pretty sure that's his name and
so at the end of his set at the end of
this amazing compelling interview I
invite him back to come back the next
week so last night or Monday night we
had him back on and I get nervous when I
do things like this cuz I'm like man I
hope they have another minute I hope
this interview goes as good as it does
last time because now I don't want to
feel bad for them and mance mashing
there he is right there he doesn't want
to come up on this stage cuz somebody
would have to carry him and his his
entire body would jolt if he leaves the
chair he said that's last week someone
hit him he's wearing the UFC fight gear
he can't really tell from this angle but
he's wearing the UFC intro you know what
I mean just the normal warm-up gear and
he's he said it's because last week guys
were hitting on his on his girlfriend
slash nurse that comes with them she's
like he wanted to let these
motherfuckers know what's my gear he's
been doing stand-up for 20 years he's
been doing comedy for 20 years he
started in Chicago at Second City and I
think he's only been doing stand-up like
four or five but now he's really leaning
in to he's utilizing this Lou Gehrig's
disease this ALS that really has a grass
bottom but he's really leaning into it
he's talking about how he has sex with
his girlfriend but he can't do it any
style of
and on his back and like all this stuff
you got it Sam I don't wanna die I'm not
givin any of it any justice Garrett's
disease is incurable right yeah yeah we
have another girl from we found we did a
show in in North Carolina we pulled the
name out of a bucket she gets carried up
by these people a wheelchair comes in
behind her they sit her down she was 16
years old Caroline Smith I believe is
her name and this she was 16 at the time
and she is a murder she will be
absolutely known by the world I think
hers is um is cerebral palsy like I'm
pretty again a pretty pretty strong case
of it and we had her we do this thing
called kill Tony mania where we have
some you know it's just a big hoopla
where I take a big ban of people from
down here up there every year in San
Fran and she wanted to fly out so she
hit me up she's like hey I'm coming out
on the cash in on my golden ticket which
is something that people on the road can
win where you can show up to any kill
Tony after the only six people in the
world I've ever wanted but if you get
the golden ticket that means that you
killed so hard and your interview was so
great you're so interesting that you get
to show up at any kill Tony and do a
minute wherever it's happening wow
that's a good dude that's a good idea
yeah so she cashed in she goes I'm gonna
meet you in San Francisco I'm gonna be
and I go okay we'll keep it a secret
blah blah blah
she's coming in with their family this
and that and that's another one where
it's like man when I wasn't nervous at
all until right beforehand and I'm like
oh boy here we go this is a lot of
pressure for who's now a 17 or 18 year
old girl I'm talking about a murder the
last thing she said to me was the last
thing I said to her she said to me after
I said goodbye that night she's
literally like I just can't wait until
August 21st 2023 when I get to finally
come to the Comedy Store and you know
show these motherfuckers what's up I'm
just like wow so real comedian from
Raleigh North Carolina Wow it's so
exciting the people that we get to find
doing that show it's just well tonight I
love one of the best things for like
amateur comedians ever
like literally or you know the word
amateurs weird right starting out right
beginning comedians ever yeah and you
know just people that are really good at
it preacher Lawson we had right out of
there you know drew Lynch these guys all
went on to like win or place high on
America's Got Talent these shows where
they're sifting through everything to
find talented people these are all guys
that we were told that we were telling
you know our monsters five six years ago
there's such a great I did do on the
road to how long you guys been doing
that now years yeah yeah yeah we've been
taking it on the road actually it's been
six and a half years we're going back to
Columbus tomorrow night have here you
were doing them on the road that yeah
well we started in at the store we
almost immediately were doing him we did
one in Columbus almost immediately after
that
uh-oh see I thought you maybe did like
very rarely on the road until recently
recently just ramped it up we've really
we really ramped it internationally yeah
we basically like doubled the amount of
episodes that we've been doing and by
doing them on the road but we're going
back to Columbus tomorrow which was the
first place we ever went with it and
it's been a long time coming this like
return to Ohio and we're playing the
Newport Music Hall we're done the house
English did that place I think I did
that place at one point Tom Newport
music all that's an old place right yeah
the southern theatre I did when I was
there that place had Mae West and WC
Fields had performed there I know I was
like whoa
it's a big one for us so cuz I'm from of
course I'm originally from Youngstown
spent some time in working and going to
school in Columbus and read bands from
Columbus so it's a big hoopla and young
Jamie that's right so from Columbia yes
and the Illuminati and the
military-industrial complex and the
underground bases with the aliens
Columbus Ohio dude so it's a hub to help
for unusual things that's right the
Wright brothers yeah just Ohio in
general lot of crazy shits come out of
Ohio Sun yeah
I'm doing boom-boom Mancini x' podcast
on uh when I get the young shot the
Friday first thing I do when I get in a
Youngstown it's so surreal I don't even
have any time to do it really because I
have one day in town to visit my mother
who's in a different place than my
father and my sister and my nephews and
literally like boom boom hit me up he's
like any chance they're gonna be in
Youngstown just messaged me it's so
surreal Mancini messaging you so surreal
if he tries to fuck you hahaha I don't
think you would let me tell you hit me
doing me I'm just joking I'm a comedian
sir I would have said it about a brother
was it about Toni's brother let me just
tell you that like you boom if you're
from Youngstown and boom boom hits you
up and invites you to do his podcast you
she was wrong you tell your mom and your
dad that you're busy for an hour that's
what he was doing
Fox pay-per-view commentary real
recently I think it was for the DOS for
the Deontay Wilder Luis Ortiz fight like
he does commentary he works as an
analyst you know he sits at the desk
he's not doing the ringside commentary
but he sits as a desk he's a class act
great guy and when where how where I
grew up and how I grew up you're you're
taught that that's I my mother spoke
when my mother and father spoke more
highly of him than they did basically of
God himself like boom boom Mancini in
Youngstown when I was growing up there
was it that's what you want to be that's
what you got to do yeah that was a town
that was synonymous with ray Mancini
he said Youngstown Ohio people go boom
boom Mancini yeah especially guys like
my age because when I was young we used
to watch him on ABC Wide World of Sports
we used to watch him on TV like there
was like a big big way that you would
watch fights and watch him on television
back then I'm pretty sure
boom-boom thought Alexis Arguello yeah
he did yeah unbelievable on a thing
pretty sure he fought him on ABC those
fights going back and watching them now
it's just absolutely insane watching
these guys were hitting the hell out of
each other almost a totally almost
different evolved sport right so much
more defense I feel like now today
I think think depends who you're
watching fine yeah I mean if you
watching Deontay Wilder it's people
getting merked you know if you watch in
Terence Budd Crawford it's someone
intelligently picking somebody apart and
smashing them this there's super high
level boxers today man oh yeah for sure
I'm just like him I'm thinking more I
think the accumulation of punch
especially since it was 15 rounds well
you know he'd stop being 15 rounds
because of ray Mancini and Duk COO Kim
that was the fight that that really was
one of the major catalyst for them
reducing it to 12 rounds there's a good
argument they should reduce it even
further some people think it would be
better if all fights for five rounds
like like a world kickboxing fight and
that guys are just also fight harder it
would just go after each other for five
rounds it would definitely be more
entertaining
I wonder man you know it's like you want
to see a good fight but do you want to
see guys sort of pace themselves to try
to fight 12 rounds or do you want to see
guys go ham for six rounds like what's
better I don't know it's a good argument
you know the best argument that I ever
heard about about fights is the one
where Frost hobby was talking about the
other day and I agree with him 100% like
why do you have a time limit just like
start the fight let's see what happens
like let people figure out when to when
to expend their energy like why is it
breaks why it breaks you should I mean
if if we had it like the early days of
the UFC then you would really understand
all the nuances of comedy you you really
can't sprint because if you if you hurt
someone you don't take them out you're
gonna get exhausted you blew all your
energy out and the fight goes on forever
it's it goes on until somebody wins
that's when you really find out what
fighting is but if you're gonna have
boxing like boxing those rounds like
three minutes three minute rounds is
with just your hands you can get a lot
of action in there if you made that up
to five six rounds but I don't know I
mean it's nothing wrong like this is
also a great thing seeing someone slowly
figure somebody out over five six rounds
and
and start working them in the seventh
eighth ninth and tenth and get a
knockout in the eleventh or something
like that
it's it's always interesting to see
someone break someone's style down
figure them out impose their will and
then also see their conditioning as the
fight goes on their superior
conditioning play out there's some guys
that just fucking don't get tired man
those are the ones that I love
especially in UFC yeah Nate Colby Yoanna
these people he's a big one yeah hoping
to spawn this weekend that's a big one
that's a big one with two guys with
enormous gas tanks what a fascinating
fight that is to me because people want
to pretend Colby can't fight right when
someone's a bad guy that it sways
everything in there reasonable rational
mind it's so crazy watching what he did
to Robbie Lawler make someone so
undeniable that it's ridiculous
meanwhile still in the aisle there in
less denial though than they would be
there in less than I than there would be
it's a real problem he's a real problem
because that style of shit-talking
is infuriating yeah and you can't say a
goddamn thing to him cuz he's in a
character so if he pisses you off you
say something back to him yeah I want
you go suck Trump's dick you be like I
would mr. Trump's good man but his dick
tastes like lollipops he was he could
say whatever he wants Colby gets it man
listen he gets it he's full Rick
old-school Ric Flair with a new style
twist and it's a real fighter man he's a
real fighter
he's absolutely one of the best
welterweights in the world and this is a
very very close fight but kymaro loose
bond is he's a tank of a man he's
spectacular athlete he's got big power I
mean he only has I think a couple
knockouts in his career but it's because
he's learned how to kickbox
after he learned how to wrestle he was
an elite wrestler but he does put people
away and he hurt tyron woodley and he
beat him standing and Tyron is a fan
I don't think Tyron was at his best in
that fight I think there's some issues
that Tyron had but it doesn't take
anything away from you on who spots been
running through competition he has one
loss in his career 15 win
and then while he talked about the loss
on the podcast he just got caught a rear
naked choke a tapped made a mistake
it happens didn't know jiu-jitsu that
well but as an elite wrestler who's
transitioned to become a world-class
mixed martial arts fighter you don't get
much better he was scared
or he was scary rather everybody was
scared of him nobody wanted to fight him
everybody was ducking him for the law
you never heard anybody call out Kamara
loose mama he's running through
competition everybody was like you know
what this fucking guy and that fighter
they get to lose like he's uh he seems
like a nice guy I don't want to fight
him
Colby's my favorite thing to watch right
now I think he's just a he's just so he
I think he really gets so many aspects
of the basic part of this sport
endurance learn train and be
entertaining dude if you see his new
suit know he's got an orange one no and
he brings that Donald Trump jr. book
everywhere he goes I love it he's got an
orange suit just as gross as the blue
one it is goddamn hilarious he's there's
photos of him at the press conference
with the orange suit bro he is look at
that look at his orange suit it looks
like it cost less than the blue suit I
didn't think that was possible it's got
a pen he's a fucking genius listen that
this guy let me mark my words when this
guy is done fighting he will be a huge
pro wrestling star okay fucking huge and
he might do it quick how about that he
if he wins if that guy wins and maybe he
fights Maz Badal maybe fights one more
time he goes right into pro wrestling
hey any man cha-ching
and what's crazy is that I've been
pitching we do a wrestling podcast at
the Comedy Store and I've been pitching
for years now City the press coverage
reading Donald Trump Ginger's book and
I've been pitching for years that the
WWE is missing out on having this
pro-trump super bad guy character and
then Colby comes out of nowhere and does
it in real life in the UFC and they
still haven't done it in WWE and you
can't call him a joke cuz he smashes
Robbie Lawler smashes Hoff he'll dos
Anjos you watch him fight like oh my god
this guy's a fucking beast a
record-setting performance against
Robbie Lawler 500 some punches landed
not just that he mostly beat him
standing up yeah it was mostly a stand
up fight and he is the the guy that you
thought it was the wrestler and Robbie's
the elite strikers a former world
champion and Colby ran him over it
wasn't even a close fight
and all this promo stuff that he does
how good he is at that it's cuz he it's
he wants to be it's because he's a
learner he came in saw me perform at UH
at the improv in in Florida in West Palm
Beach and afterwards we were in the
green room and he's like you know I
learned a lot about timing and beats
from watching you up there tonight I
don't know you know what I mean how
you'd get these laughs using your timing
and your pauses in this I need to do
more of that like yeah yeah so cool to
watch a guy that's you know wow he being
on top of a big business a lot of yeah I
feel like a lot of people you know their
egos this and that or it's just about
the foot game you know no right but it's
a genius pursuit and you know he has
openly now said it we talked about on
the podcast be saying it now I did on
the Candace own show he's like they were
gonna cut him they're gonna cut him they
told him that his style wasn't
fan-friendly
and so he beats Damien mine and Brazil
and calls him a bunch of filthy animals
everybody goes crazy and I go hold on a
second we might have something here so
he talked about it on the podcast like
look I got to do something my career is
in jeopardy like I'm gonna create a
character so he created his character
like I've called his fights before I
call his fights early in his career
before that he was just a really tough
guy who had a great gas tank who I knew
from my friend cam Haynes he trains with
campaigns right so just imagine the kind
of gas tank this motherfucker must have
if you do anything with cam Haynes you
have to have a crazy gas tank well
that's the scary thing about him right
it's almost like again it's like a pro
wrestling character already it's like oh
you don't know right even if if you
don't if you don't somehow find a way to
finish it you're stuck in rounds four
and five now it's always gonna be
championship rounds now with this guy
and you're gonna be stuck in there with
him
yeah if you can't take him out in one
two or three and you can't maintain that
pace and if you try to take him out and
you emptied your gas tank he never
empties his gas tank right
and the thing is about his style this
thing that he's doing not a style but
his a promotion style with the cheap
suits in the fucking book you think it's
a joke yeah but then he watches fights
if you didn't have any information about
him in his character and you just watch
his fights he'd be like fuck man this
guy's driven this guy's fuckin driven
yeah but then you add into that this
character and then everybody's
pretending you know that all that guy's
a joke that guy's a joke that joke he's
running over everybody everybody just
because you don't like Trump and this is
like it's a genius thing to attach
himself to Trump right and what's
interesting is like even fighters that
maybe have paid more dues and are maybe
are more respected like if you put them
all at the table like when we were
behind when we were backstage at MSG and
the rocks there and Dana's got the new
BMF belt and all this stuff's happening
they were doing that press conference
for this one a max Holloway is on one
end and they have these guys on another
and being backstage sometimes is a
blessing because you can hear things
that maybe you wouldn't notice if you're
out front right and the roars and the
cheers and the hoopla and everything was
every time he talked you we had a good
time just sitting there watching it from
the sidelines he's great
it's a it's a we're seeing is a
masterclass in promotion and adaptation
he adapted he created this character and
this character is it's so obviously a
character but it doesn't matter yeah it
doesn't matter I mean so obvious I'm
wearing that suit on purpose like it
thinks it's good-looking no he's trying
to be a dork he's trying to be a
pro-trump dork like if I was Trump I'd
be a little annoyed yeah I'd like hey
man
hahaha I see what the fuck you're doing
you you're making yourself a very goofy
support me please tell me you're
following Colby on Instagram right of
course I know the best the videos with
the girls we just comes out with his
hands on their butts hey losers it's
wrestling and super high level pro
wrestling like like promos three shoot
look at this he's gonna Trump a Todd's
data for the Trump Towers it's
and the style even matches it too right
cuz like he was just a quick round one
knockout artist almost like you know
sort of like McGregor esque right I
still don't think it works as well as a
guy that has a never ending gas tank
never ending gas tank and and can take
it tremendous shock to him he's a
nightmare for everybody in the division
Kolby Covington is a fucking nightmare
because he seems like he's playing he's
doing these promos with all these girls
in bikinis so fucking Reid and Donald
Trump Jr's book he's making it seem like
he's a goof and you don't notice along
the way that this guy stomping
world-class fighters I mean stomping
them yeah
he's fucking amazing when he's done is
it's like a master class and promotion
for all the young fighters coming up I
don't necessarily think everybody should
do what he's doing right and you know
but if I was in if I was in his camp I
was one of his friends I would for sure
be cheering it on think it's hilarious
it's hilarious and everybody's mad at
him everybody in it and it goes two ways
right like even the people that are mad
at him are still sort of laughing and
you can usually catch them laughing
while booing in between booing that's
why the suit is so genius yeah so he
didn't have to do the suit the suit is
duh the fucking piece today is his dolls
because why else would he wear that
fucking suit that's here's what here's
what's genius about the suit it's
terrible it is literally one of the
suits from Dumb and Dumber that orange
suit is the one Jeff Daniels or Jim
Carrey one of them has almost yeah close
enough but they're gross that's the
point
it's like he's doing that on purpose
he's got money he's a fucking he's
fighting for the title he's made money
right it almost says no go back to
Coco's like the two suits that he he
doesn't have that student in the oh it's
just the recent one the blue one
he doesn't have the orange one his
Instagram he's slippin he's only got the
blue one it's so funny but here's the
thing that at the end of the day
tomorrow lucemon is a nightmare for
every fucking living human being that's
170 pounds go back to that real quick do
that
tomorrow man is a nightmare for every
living human that's 170 pounds and if I
wanted to see him fight a guy that I
thought presented a bunch of unique
challenges I would say Colby because
Colby has a great wrestling pedigree
it's fantastic
takedown defense he can wrestle his ass
off his cardio is never-ending we saw on
the Robbie Lawler fight he puts pressure
on you lands ridiculous strikes can
stand in there against one of the elite
strikers ever in the welterweight
division in Robbie Lawler so like forget
all the Trump bullshit forget all the
the character bullshit and he almost
should have a name for that guy that but
that put that aside just stylistically
stylistically it's one of the best
matchups you're ever gonna find for us
Mon because you want to see whether or
not you smile can catch him and hurt him
you're gonna see whether or not Colby
can can outmaneuver him and outpace him
you gotta see whether or not Colby could
put that kind of pressure on him the way
he put it on Robbie and you're gonna see
cuz you know whose mom watched that
fight for sure and I think Robbie was
training out of American Top Team
initially and then left American Top
Team to go somewhere else you'd have to
change that I'm positive with this
Robbie left American Top Team so that
was another thing that Colby was like
shitting on him for leaving American Top
Team and you know gotten Robbie's had a
little bit from that like was really
ruthless about it but tomorrow Iseman
came from the black zillions which was
the rival team across town and now he's
with Henry hoofed and I don't know what
camp they're calling the camp now they
changed it what is a find out what camp
kymaro spawns out of it's essentially
Henry hoofed and all the other but Henry
hoofed is the kickboxing guy who's with
the black black zillions but it's either
way he's got Michael Chandler there the
showing videos of him
chandler training this like Luke
Rockhold was their super high level guys
there so it's two phenomenal camps like
everything lines up perfect you got this
guy in ooo spawn it has just been steam
rolling everybody you got a guy in Colby
steamrolling everybody what do you got
doesn't say anyway I know he's with hmm
I know he's with Henry Hooft who's one
of the best kickboxing coaches
kickboxing instructors in all of MMA
he's just phenomenal it's just a great
fight man it's just a great fight
everything about it's great
everything about it's great that's crazy
once you girl you want to fight him her
next one is hey did they announce it for
January I feel like I know it but I
don't
I think she's fighting Wei Lee Zhang I
think she's fighting for the title son
did they announce it yeah April fight
maybe ha April oh that that would be in
new york new york big city of dreams but
everything in new york ain't always
wouldn't see is that what it says it
doesn't say it's uh Zhang Wei Ling you
have to say it backwards now for a while
we're saying Wei Li Zhong but now it's
Zhang Wei lean over time yeah I'm pretty
sure she's fine I thought we'd found it
I don't know if they announced it pretty
sure they did maybe I just know ship
shit
I do work for them bro okay well you let
me let me know the date as soon as you
know so they go on course I don't mean I
don't miss you on why you did miss one
you know when I started missing you
wanna fights as when losing yeah do you
think that's what it is it's like you
not being there you know for a fact that
sort of energy absolutely she waiting
some there is it sexual or is it just
powerful both what kind of weight kind
of energy you putting out there big dick
energy I mean yeah the only kind of
energy I got bro
what else is up on this card when you
want to come to a UFC again you want to
go that one in April yeah come to
Brooklyn absolutely
so max Halloween volca now skis very
interesting very very very interesting
cuz Vulcan Oskie is a tank of a man he
has a phenomenal gas tank he puts people
away he puts tremendous pressure on guys
but
smacks hallways the goat it happens the
goat he's the greatest featherweight of
all time and Vulcan now ski they have a
common opponent in Joe's a Aldo Vulcan
all ski just he beat Aldo smothered them
beat him by decision max always
destroyed them max max always destroyed
although twice and Aldo is another goat
I mean all those one of the greatest
featherweights of all time and yeah and
now all those fighting Marlin arises his
first fight at bantamweight people are
very concerned that's up he know down
one tall going down and went 235 son you
know looks terrible yeah that's no bueno
see what he looks like
is he Aldo looks gaunt preparing for 135
there's photos of him wandering around
you know his shirt off and stuff we get
a check I shouldn't say wandering around
the scene you know hanging around and
you see what he looks like yeah this is
the photos from his Instagram did he
super super skinny girl skinny he looks
look at that right there it's crazy so
he did it slowly they look how skinny is
man the thing about it though is that he
did it slowly so he lost the weight on
purpose slowly over a long period of
time instead of just dehydrating the
fuck out of himself and dropping down
you know from 165 to 135 what he did was
drop his body weight pretty
significantly he looks quite a bit
thinner than they used before so he
prepared for it over the long haul and
got accustomed to being a lighter person
if you're gonna do that that's the way
to do that yeah the difference between
dehydrating the shit out of yourself and
just losing weight but even at 135 there
I'm in a wonder you can take a hard
punch to the head it's just easier to go
out maybe but maybe not
because he's doing it correctly so he's
not gonna be dehydrated like TJ
Dillashaw was the big example of where
when someone goes too far you know when
he went down to 125 pounds he looked
like death he looked terrible yeah and
Brendan actually called it sob called
that he was saying I bet he took cuz TJ
got busted for EPO he was I bet he took
it because he couldn't train I bet he
was too exhausted to train and that's
pretty much what
said he just didn't have any energy it
was much harder than they thought
physically on him you're basically
starving to death right right if you're
you drop it down TJ probably walks
around the 160s or something and then
he's getting down to 45 that's rough 35
is rough pace to do it in high school
wrestling the thing I remember the most
is having trouble not swallowing the
toothpaste and then water in my mouth
while brushing my teeth for those things
you literally when it hits your tongue
your body naturally wants to see ya
it'll it wants anything it starts the
process itself so you TJ to look thick
like a Snickers there yeah thicker than
a snicker he's probably in that picture
he's probably in the high 50s no look at
me looks like looks like Christian
Bale's Dick Cheney and that so
ridiculous please with Archuleta rampage
Raymond Daniels who's a world world
champion kickboxer that Louie Anderson
in the middle there you son of a bitch
son of a bitch I think that's rampage
this guy I don't know what that is but
what I'm saying that the weight cutting
like the feraldo just seems like wolf
makes me scared yeah and then you'll arm
what else is on the card Amanda Nunez is
fighting Germaine Duran to me this is a
fight that people are not talking about
this is a very interesting fight because
Germaine Duran to me she's lost a couple
of times let's just lost three times in
MMA she got submitted earlier on in her
career but she's much better now at
takedown defense but as a fighter like
guys a kickboxer she's a multiple time
world champion kickboxer super legit
striker we played a video yesterday have
heard knocking out a man she had a
boxing match just boxing with a man and
fucking flat lined him with a punch
she's a beast man yeah I don't I don't
ever I will never doubt Nunez never or
in a minute that's the goat yeah that's
the number-one woman of all time without
a doubt without a doubt a monster and
you know what man even
other support like if she went up to
boxing like I mean Claressa Shields is a
bigger woman and Claressa fights at 165
and she's better with her hands I mean
Clarissa is a fantastic boxer you ever
watch her her her videos of her training
and fighting Amanda no Claressa Shields
Claressa Shields is someone who trained
a little bit with cyborg there was some
like heavy-duty sparring with her in
cyborg leading up to some of cyborgs
fight she's as big a cyborg she's big
but all natural you know and it that
which she might be too big for Amanda
she's like 20 pounds larger at 45 I
think she's a 65 pound champion but like
Amanda fought someone who couldn't punch
like that if she fought someone that was
just like a really good boxer that's a
woman that's also 135 pounds bro she
might put him on the moon the lady could
punch so hard and she can box like she
might not be boxing like a world
champion boxer because she's adding in
takedowns and kicks and this not all
these different things but when you just
come to a woman throwing bombs with her
hands she knows how to hit you on the
fucking chin and her power is
extraordinary
like Amanda Nunez power is extraordinary
her fights with cyber or fight with
cyborg rather those knockdowns like holy
shit yeah she's standing in the pocket
with a woman that no one wants a fight
in fact a woman that germane to Ronda me
she gave up her title she's like nah I'm
good you could have it you keep that
money fuck you yeah she's like I'm not
fighting that lady fuck you
she gave up her title she says she's
never fought cyborg nope not interested
who did I watch her lose to Holly Holm
no you should have watch her lose to
Holly Holm but they gave her the
decision
I thought Holly Holm won the fight and I
also thought they should be taking a
point away from Duran to me because
their enemy cracked her twice after the
bell and one of them was pretty
significant she stunned her yeah I heard
she hit her after the bell twice and
also Holly dropped it twice Holly
dropped it with a question mark kick and
Holly also dropped her with straight
left hand I felt like Holly did more
damage I feel like those two things
though those knock downs were
big significant moments in the fight and
she never did it to Holly and then on
top of that Holly should have gotten a
point because of that that punch after
the bell the elbow it was like twice two
different times she got struck after the
bell so in my eyes Holly should have won
that fight I thought she won anyway yeah
I thought you won because the knockdown
so I'm like you look at that these
significant moments where the other
fighter got rocked like that means a lot
to me but when someone gets dropped with
a punch like hurt that's that's a big
moment like it's not counting enough in
some cases people are counting like the
overall around like with things are kind
of even too much but there's also other
good fights on that card Marlin Mariah's
jr. Jose Aldo PHA Yong and Urijah Faber
that's a fucking dangerous fight for
Faber
I think nathie SE pyaara pyaara Yan so
people used to say Peter but it's
obviously there's no e
it's PE TR so now like it's like fate or
do you know if a door and then go that's
not his name his name is shield or oh
yeah so everybody calls him phaidor and
you're like well it's too late the
return of the immortal Matt Brown
nothing saunders woo now that Columbus
Ohio got ready they're savages both guys
Ben Saunders got sneaky ass card to
first ever Alma plot to ever in the UFC
that guy so it's a lot of great shit man
this weekend so when you're gonna come
oh that's right Jeff Neil and Mike Perry
oh good that's gonna be chaos - when you
come to get April yeah unless something
crazy happens you wanna I don't I don't
like to miss yo on and I don't like to
miss a Nate Diaz yeah you need some sort
of fan like a t-shirt or something like
that fur so heart with you on and so oh
yeah for sure
oh maybe right yeah maybe a heart just a
heart with Johanna we're dukes up
yeah and so I tried to get one of the
Yanni NJ check a warm-up jacket sent to
me I have to follow up with that guy he
sent me an email I think he had ordered
that shit you can't ask those Reebok
people though no they taught it they
told me they tell what they forget I
know you're right I just put out my own
after party was everybody drunk no it
was a it was one of the weigh-ins
they're like how we want to get that for
it cuz I'm like you know where I can go
by because I wanted to buy it before a
last fight I'm like you know where I
could go buy one they're like we're not
gonna let you buy one we gotta go give
it to you yeah dude if you come to the
fights in April you have to wear that
the entire weekend for sure oh yes
everywhere we go yeah okay that's on
I'll wear it on stage if we do shows
I'll do it I'll wear it anywhere all
right let's wrap this up dude we've been
having a lot of fun on the road though
yeah this has been great Texas was
amazing Phoenix was amazing
Dallas in Houston but havin some fun man
okay Jean Whaley Jean you say John
Whaley now versus you wanna youngjae
check targeted for UFC 248 which is
Brooklyn whoa that girl's a monster two
men Whaley is a beast
she's so good man you know the way she
took out Jessica and draw is just gonna
drives a tank and she Kayode her just
flatlined her to flirt beat the shit out
of her in the first rounds like whoa
there's only two people that have you on
his number that's rose and me and on
that Instagram and on the Twitter and
kill Tony available on YouTube available
on dreams every Monday when you porn all
around everywhere
Tony huh Scoob calm bye everybody
[Music]
[Applause]